# Happy Birthday, Ruben!
Sorry this ended up being a little late, the training took longer than the old
model did, especially with different models. I hope you enjoy reading the
stories the different models produced.

You can find three 1000 word stories under each model's directory in the
"Stories" subdirectory. More information on how the repository is structured,
complete with instructions on how to create your own stories, can be found
below.

# What is this Repository
This repository contains various TensorFlow models created as a birthday
present. It additionally contains the raw data used to train the models, as well
as example unedited output produced by each model.

# Repository Layout
This repository contains a directory for each model trained. The layout is
as follows:

* Model Identifier
  * README.md - This is similar to what you are reading now. It will contain
  information on how that particular model was constructed, and what the goals
  were with regards to training.
  * Corpus - This subdirectory contains the corpus that the model was trained
  on.
  * Model Files - This subdirectory will contain the three files needed to
  recreate the model on your own computer
    * <Model_Name>\_weights.hdf5 - This contains the trained neural network.
    * <Model_Name>\_vocab.json - This contains the vocabulary for the neural
    network.
    * <Model_Name>\_config.json - This is the configuration required to run the
    neural network.
  * Stories - This subdirectory contains three 1000 word stories written by the
  model. These stories are unedited from their original output except to reflow
  them to make them easier to read.

# Running the Models on your Computer
The first thing you will need to do is grab Python 3.6.6 for your operating
system. You can go to the main Python website by
[clicking this link](https://www.python.org/). The download link should
automatically detect your operating system and get you started.

Once you have python installed, you will need to use pip to install the packages
`tensorflow`, which is for TensorFlow, and `textgenrnn`, which is what the model
was built upon. Once these modules are installed you will need to navigate
to the "Model Files" directory for whichever model you want to run, and open
a python shell in that directory.

Once the shell is opened, just copy in the commands from "Run this Model" that
can be found in each model's README file.

You can adjust the `Temperature` of each iteration as well. The higher the
`Temperature` the more creative the model is allowed to be. Because of this,
higher temperatures are more prone to outputting gibberish. It ranges from 0.1
to 1.

# License
All of this is based on Ruben's intellectual property, all I did was arrange it
into new forms. If you want to use this to do anything other than generate
new texts from the models, or if you want to use text generated by the model
for any non-personal use, you should contact Ruben.

# Bug Reports
This project is essentially completed at this point, but should you notice any
typos in any of the README files, please open an issue to let me know.
