This is our house. Pleasant piano music plays in the background. We don’t know
where it’s coming from, but we don’t care. We are in love. We dance to piano
music every night. You always lead our dance.

It’s not a big house, but we don’t have many belongings, anyway. We sold most of
them to move in here. You even had to sell the statuette you loved so much – you
know, the one your mother gave you? Right before she passed away? It was of a
beautiful human, made entirely out of jade. Its expression was very stoic and
cold, but that’s to be expected of a statue. Kind of reminds me of you,
actually. I don’t mean that. I’m sorry.

I’m sorry.

Five days have passed since I made that terrible remark, and you haven’t spoken
to me since then. I think you’ve forgiven me, though. I mean, we still dance
every night, and you lead everytime.

Sometimes I miss my old alembic. I had to sell my valuables, too, you know.
There’s this space on my desk where it used to fit so perfectly, its perfect
glass painted with the reflection of my research. I complain about it every day,
but you never respond. I miss your voice.

Not that I care much; I still get to use this desk. You built it for me for my
birthday. Besides, I filled up the space with my diaries. Every day I write
about you. I love writing about you. More text about you means there’s more of
you. I love you.

I work from this nice desk most of the day. When I feel overworked, I look
behind me and see your moveless self. The bed sheets hide most of your body, but
they accentuate your uncovered arm and face. Your hair has such a nice glow to
it. Your skin may have become gray and dry, but you’re still perfect to me.

I put a window above your bed. I felt you weren’t getting enough sunlight; you
stay in bed all day. You only get out when night has fallen, because that’s when
we dance; that’s when you lead, and I follow. I keep telling you to be more
active, but you don’t respond. You never respond. We just dance. You don’t talk
a lot. You don’t talk at all. I love you.

But I’m getting distracted. I have to focus on my research. I’ve lost track of
the amount of time I’ve spent working, the amount of animals I’ve dissected, the
amount of loaves of bread I’ve eaten. You don’t cook for me, and I don’t know
how to cook. Bread is all I eat, but I’ll manage.  I don’t care about my own
body. I only care about yours. That’s the reason why I’m doing this, that’s the
reason I’m doing all this research, instead of dancing with you. Don’t worry,
we’ll dance when it’s nighttime. We’ll dance all night, and you lead. You always
lead. I will follow.

It’s been another two weeks since my last diary entry. I feel tired, ill, and
scared. Your dancing is getting sloppy. I can tell you’re having trouble leading
me. Are you sick? Don’t you love me anymore?  No, of course you love me. You
have to love me.

My research is making progress! Instead of experimenting on animals, I’ve
started experimenting on myself, and the results were amazing! I lost my arm,
though. My favourite arm, my right one. I used to stroke your face with it. I
hacked it off – it hurt a lot, but not enough to stop doing it -, and I managed
to give it a life of its own. It tried to strangle me. That’s understandable,
that’s okay. I ate it afterwards. I’m so hungry.

But this is good news! When my research is complete, you’ll be able to get out
of bed by yourself. Maybe you’ll even stop decaying! Then we can dance ALL day!
I lied when you said you always led our dances. I’m sorry. I’m the one who
leads. You can’t.

This is our house. Pleasant piano music plays in the background. It used to be
your favourite song. I play it for you all day. I miss you. We are in love. I
miss you.

I love you.

You are standing in front of a rather rickety-looking manor. The windows have
been boarded up, a clear sign it has long since been abandoned. You’ve seen that
in a movie once. Everyone died in that movie. Well, not really. People that die
in movies don’t really die. Those people are endless.  But this is the first
time you’ve seen such a symbol for yourself. This makes you happy, yes, it does.

You walk up a little stairs onto the porch. The wooden planks are rotten, they
creek and crunch under your weight. They are hurting, because of your feet.
Those feet have hurt a lot. That doesn’t bother you, does it? No, of course not.
Why would it. Caring has never been your forte. Let’s move on.

Opening the door, you expect a flock of bats to come flying at you, like in the
movie. What a disappointment that turned out to be. You’re a bit sad that
nothing would come to greet you. Is the house empty? Maybe, maybe not. Maybe
nothing wanted to welcome you. But don’t worry, you are inside now, and at the
very least, nothing is mad at you. That means you are welcome here. That’s a
first. Let’s move on.

The manor’s interior is forgotten, wasted, cinematic. The windows are blocked up
on both sides; wooden planks on the outside, curtains on the inside. Despite the
layers of dust, you can tell they’re nice curtains; the dust hasn’t quite
covered the tassels yet. Tassels are nice, aren’t they? You wonder for a moment
about what fabric the curtains are made of. Wonder. You are not an expert on
textiles, so you conclude you don’t know. But that’s okay. No one is angry with
you here. That’s a promise.

The entrance hall echoes a deep silence, auditorily and visually. Dust and
cobwebs spread in uninvited patterns over the sofas and tables, the paintings
and chandelier. Sad, how the showpieces of the lavish and lucrative come to fade
into corny props if you leave them alone for long enough. A ray of light sneaks
past the double-prisoned windows, highlighting tiny particles of dust as if they
were snow. Isn’t that nice? What isn’t nice is that you forgot it was daytime.
You are very forgetful sometimes. Never paying attention, or maybe you just
don’t care. What do you care about? Let’s move on.

That ray of light leads to a mirror, as if aimed at it. It’s like a laser dot
from a sniper rifle; you remember that from another movie. You have seen a lot
of movies. You are very wasteful with your time. You could have been gardening,
giving life to the earth using your hands, your ugly hands. No, that is a bad
idea. Watching movies is good for you. Do not touch anything. Do not ruin. Stop
ruining.

You find yourself standing in front of the mirror. Smudged and broken, it
neither reflects any light nor does it dramatically reveal your face. Do you
want to see yourself? You could, if you wiped the mirror. Wipe. You look in the
mirror. The mirror is slightly cracked, the reflection of your face torn apart
by a fracture. What a disappointment. You cannot see how you look. You do not
know the specifics yourself, of yourself. You don’t mind that very much, you
think. Think. Good. Let’s move on.

As you move through the many rooms – carelessly walking into pieces of furniture
and knocking over a variety of furniture, mercilesssly trampling over dolls, you
notice how quaint and victorianesque this house is. You read those words in a
book once, and they seem applicable now. No. You did not read anything in any
book. You do not read. You watch movies. You are so wasteful, that is a cause
for anger.

Anger directed at you. Again, you were negligent, unattentive, disinterested in
your surroundings. Do you not enjoy exploration, knowing, caring? Of course not.
What other reason could you have for not noticing all these beautiful dolls? How
you knocked them over? But do not worry, no one is angry at you. You are fine,
cribbed, cradled. Protected. You are protected. Let’s move on.

You are interested in the dolls. I can tell. There have been so many throughout
the house. There’s two on top of every cupboard, hands interlocked, kicking
their feet to the melody of a soft and violent nursery rhyme from a nearby music
box. There’s three on the table closest to you; two look shocked and cover their
mouth with their moldy hands, staring at the dolls on the floor. The third one’s
scorn burns into you, scorching your face. You feel red, ashamed.

Then there’s the dolls laying on the floor, tears flowing from their out of
disbelief you would knock over their chairs, their seats, sanctuaries. Their
eyes are missing, as you made them fall out of the circle of life. They welcomed
you and you killed them. How typically violent and disappointing of you.

But you only imagined that. How silly, that you would think dolls were anything
but will-less and emotionless. That you would believe for a moment you could
feel the consequence of your actions, the anger of your victims, because you
cannot. You cannot feel. No one is angry at you. Let’s move on.

You should go upstairs. That’s the one place you haven’t explored yet. But don’t
explore that. You cannot explore what you already know. Upstairs is the one
place you are welcome. Go up. Do not stop and wait for a description, for what
consequence your action may have had. That is over. There will be no more of
that; you have proven incapable of learning. You are full of violence. You are
violence. You are in a hurry. You should hurry and come up here.

Did you know? The dolls you trampled and the ones you traumatised with your
brutality, they are spirits of children that were never born into this world.
Raised without love or wisdom, their only emotion is a primitive sort of
cruelty. They are not unlike you. But they were raised, nonetheless. Not
perfectly, far from it!, but sometimes it is all a parent can do. What vessel
better suited for depressed spirits than a doll?

Scared and lonely, worthless without acknowledgement, doll and child go along
hand-in-hand. It was silly to expect dolls could ever grow independent,
uncontrolled, masterless, but to think you did not realise you were home,
realise you crushed your siblings until informed shows you just how terrible a
parent I am. But do not worry.

No one is angry at you. Not even me.

Each mountain has a lord. This lord could be anything you see living out its
simple life. It could be a shy fox, watching and hoping you leave its domain as
soon as possible. Perhaps it is a nishikigoi covered in moss, swimming aimlessly
in a pond at the basin of an unimpressive waterfall. Maybe even the low-hanging
branch of a tree you brush aside to trot farther down a leaf-led path.

But the idea of the latter, that a branch could be something as powerful as an
actual mountain lord eludes commoners and seekers alike. Everyone knows the lord
of a mountain has to be something that’s alive – a discovery made after a
dedicated many turned over and talked to quite the sum of rocks. But even then,
an animal is considered much more alive than a plant!

Title and form are intrinsicaly related; they need to match one another. If
title does not adequately suit form, a beholder of such will find it easy to
ridicule. For instance, if a colossus of a man sporting a giant club and an
impresssive musculature goes by the name of Bubbles, well, it would be hard to
stifle a laugh, wouldn’t it?

On the other hand, if title outweighs form, then respect is nowhere to be found.
I myself have once encountered a mountain lord who had taken on the form of a
small white rabbit. When it demanded I flee the weakened mountain it governed,
so its forests could heal in peace, I kicked it down a slope and set up camp.
Not one of my finest moments, but I was desperate. I was searching for a herb
growsome to only that particular mountain.

You see, rumour had it that wettening this maiban herb wettened with vitreous
humour and incensing it, creates a smoke that grants its inhaler nightly vision!
A goldmine, for sure, or so I thought. I had not thought through effective
methods to capture the smoke, and my greedy hands did not make any effort to act
with diligence.

So, after a night of squeezing out my own eyes, burning whatever herb I could
find, and making fruitless attempts to capture the smoke in jars to which I
forgot to bring lids, it was then I realised what I’d wrought. The mountain lord
did not lie when it told me the mountain was weakened. The dawn sun showed me
through what little eyesight I had created an entirely poisoned forest. The
smoke I failed to capture acted as a miasma to the trees and to my eyes. That
mountain now stands naked, incapable of life at all. Its lord, the small white
rabbit, only cries.

As for me, I spend all my time since in this here inn, sharing words of
not-so-much wisdom to travellers such as yourself. Despite my loss of sight,
nighttime is unbearably bright for me. What a cruel twist of fate! People around
here call me ‘the nightly fool’, a title that certainly fits me. And while I
cannot know for certain, I think I may just look the part.

Everywhere I have my eyes wander, I see you. Well, not you in full corporeality.
That’d be strange and it’d hold implications to how powerful you really are. I
guess it’s more that you’ve left little pieces of yourself all around. Again,
not literally; your body’s all intact. I made sure of that.

I notice you when I’m in my garden. Flowers are the only things I care about.
Colours, aromas, life – they provide everything I need. I need to stay grounded,
reminded of here. Your name is a flower. You said you loved the pink ones the
most. You asked me what they were called, and I didn’t know. Neither does the
flower. I don’t want to give it a name it won’t like. I was given a name I don’t
like. You touched the flower and it left some of itself on you. You left some of
yourself, too. I don’t go to my garden anymore.

I notice you when I’m at my beach. I had grown up there. I spent whole seasons
throwing pebbles into the water. I was afraid of water, of what it might do to
me. I still am. Drowning isn’t like in the movies. It’s a peaceful, solemn
process, without resistance. I’d hate to have died like that. You and I met
here. I was surprised you could see me, weren’t afraid of me. I showed you all
the places I could remember where I once stood. We threw pebbles at the sea
together. We left in the evening; you left footprints where you trod. I didn’t.
The tides washed away those marks of you, but I know they were there once. They
still are, in a way. I don’t go to my beach anymore.

I notice you when I’m in my home. I don’t know how long I’ve been here for, or
how long you’ve been here for. You asked me about my birthday once. I think I’ve
had 32, but I stopped counting after that. You said you were spending your
birthday with me. I liked that. We sat near a tombstone engraved with a name I
don’t like, and you ate the cakes you’d brought. I don’t eat. A breeze did
wonders to how your hair looked for a short while. You left your basket here,
and that was the last time you left a trace. I don’t go to my home anymore; it
is our home now.

I still take care of you. Every day, I pick pink flowers from our garden and
gather pebbles from our beach. I place them in our home, arranged in patterns we
like. Your grave looks the nicest, I made sure of that. Everywhere I have my
eyes wander, I see traces, reminding me that all of you is right here.

Our planet has but one sky. When we look up at night, barely removed from the
safety of our homes, we see more stars than there are houses in our village. The
stars form shapes – supposedly, seven stars in particular represent an ancient
hunter. The main square is designed with this legend in mind. Funnily enough, no
one has ever cared to call it anything else than ‘The Square’; no one knows what
the hunter’s name was. Our whole village is laid out like that, shaped like
things we are familiar and comfortable with. The way houses seemingly slither up
the hill where the mayor has their residence, I wonder what the astronomers
opposite the sky would call it. We just call it ‘serpentous’.

Our houses are all shaped differently. The shape of my house is familiar and
comfortable to me. It’s a place I enjoy to return to. It doesn’t have a roof,
nor does anyone else’s. We are all astronomers here, you see. Everyone is an
astronomer – how can you not be when the sky is above you and beautiful? We
think of our favourite shape, then go to sleep. While we sleep, we dream of our
favourite shape. Those in the village who find their perfect shape, become that
shape. These are what we call houses. My house is shaped like love.

The sky is filled with one planet by day. We share the same sky with the
astronomers living there, but they are a bigger part of our sky than we are of
theirs. What they do up there, we can all see from here. When they leave the
house, which all have roofs, they don’t rush to the top of the hill like we do.
For astronomers, they don’t seem to be interested in looking at the sky much!
They wear strange headgear and walk in chaotic streaks. They don’t say hello and
tell one another what their favourite shape is when they pass each other on the
street – streets that are all shapeless. Nothing they do has a shape, nothing
they do has any real meaning.

During the day, we go to the mayor’s residence on top of the hill and use their
many telescopes to look at the sky. We’re supposed to look at the stars to find
new shapes to dream of, but I often look at the shapeless astronomers. I peer at
their covered heads and nauseating movements. How unpatternedly they walk.
Fooling me into thinking they can move in a straight line before twisting and
churning their blotty bodies to avoid colliding with another. I imagine their
speech is burbled and terrifying.

They speak in seventy-five different tones per minute and cannot think about
anything but repulsion. Their astronomy is slamming a pencil onto paper and
scratching crude approximations of circles into their own skin. They are
shapeless in every sense of the word. The mayor tells me nothing good can ever
come of them. The mayor is right. They visited us once.

I was young when the astronomers opposite the sky came to us. They came in
something we had never seen before. No shape we knew compared to it; it was
vulgar and nauseating. Some of them emerged from that migrainous stain and
started doing things to the village. Those actions in particular truly had no
shape to them. People simply fell over.

The other astronomers turned them into something none of us had ever been
before: shapeless. My mother held me close as one of them walked up to us. The
way she held me, it reminded me of my favourite shape – love – so I went to
sleep. When I woke up, the astronomers and their formless vessel had
disappeared. I also had a house to call my own.

Nakanaide is the name I was given. It is the one word that defines my existence:
it is my word. Like every word, it has meaning. One that I have to live by, that
I have to realise. I want people to say, “your name fits you.” I want them to
mean those words. I want them to keep saying those words. I don’t want to
disappoint my existence.

On an afternoon missing even the wind, with the sun in full burn, was when I
first realised my name. A friend from another temple had come to visit. We were
placed in a chamber together, forced to sit on our knees. We were surrounded by
candles and were not allowed to move until each had extinguished itself. The
shimmering haze of heat was the only thing that ever moved even an inch. We both
knew this was necessary. The screaming men of our temples said that to appease
the alien creature known as God, we had to endure it. I have been told God lives
15,000,000 light-years away, sleeping inside of a dying star in the M83 galaxy.
The burn scars on my head and the trouble I have walking were given meaning by
this God. I do not know what God means, but to me the word means bad news.

My friend always brought an abandoned fish tank along with him. It once
contained a pet as well. He placed it on his lap and allowed his tears to fall
into the tank. On our eighteenth time inside the chamber, my friend simply stood
up. Sad water spilled into the chamber and did not wait for the candles to
extinguish themselves. The screaming men burst into the room and took my friend
away. I did not want to disappoint, so I did not cry. We had never once spoken,
but I had given my friend the name Saiken, which means ‘bond’.

I remember another time I lived by my name. I had been gifted a pet for a
birthday. It was small and frail, and I loved it for those qualities. It would
lick my face whenever it was happy or when I was sad. During the day, we would
play in the woods near our house and stay away from that building for as long as
our hungered stomachs allowed it. During meals, I held it dearly as the
cacophonies crashed down on me. In the evenings, we would stay huddled and
hidden and shivered together until day arrived. We did not sleep. The stomping
on wooden floorboards and the angered voices of those who did not love kept us
awake.

It was in the leafless season that we escaped into the forest again. The sounds
of snow trampled underfoot gave both it and I a sense of joy. Our one-sided
snowball fights and games of hide-and-seek had given meaning to the snow. I was
very good at hide-and-seek and was always able to reunite with my dear pet, no
matter how well it managed to hide. The last place I would ever find it was
inside of a hunter’s camp, on a spit roast. I did not want to disappoint, so I
did not cry. I had named it Hatenaku, which means ‘forever and ever’.

I once loved a woman. She took me away from the screaming men and the candle
room. She carried me on her back to the first house I would call a home. A house
does not have to be a home; my first house was not. To me, home means warmth.
The woman taught me how to read, she taught me how to write, she taught me how
to talk. She taught me about the words in the world and how each word has
meaning. She told me her name was Hakuchuumu, which means ‘daydream’.

It did not take long for the screaming men to find us. Hakuchuumu spoke to me:
“Do not cry,” and so I did not. I asked her the meaning of those last words,
raising my voice like the lost child I was. All she did was smile, a word that
still means nothing to me. The screaming men took me away from my first home and
brought me back to my first house.

Nakanaide is the name I was given. It means ‘do not cry’.

Our planet used to have seven more moons. Each shone a different colour, each
represented one-seventh of the rainbow, and each was worshipped by the people of
Earth. Our current moon, then called the gray moon, had no worshippers of her
own. She was dull and boring; she had no colours to be worshipped. She only
reflected the sun, a cruel, tormentous fire. The gray moon desperately wanted to
be loved, to be prayed to. But in order to do so, she had to become the only
colour in the sky. She had to bring down the much more resplendent
celestialities.

As they were all worshipped, each colour moon had a year devoted to them. Each
celebratory year began with a lunar festival, during which the entirety of Earth
was painted the colour of a particular moon. The gray moon had to look at this
man-made unsightliness, until at the end of a seven year-cycle, her envy and
hatred for the other colour moons had grown so cosmically, she decided she had
enough. This contempt, this burst of emotion, flickered briefly on her surface;
she briefly shone silver before returning to an ugly gray.

The gray moon manipulated her seven meteorite brothers to crash into her
despisals. They, too, were ugly. But unlike their sister, they were also
unnoticed. They would never earn the eye of Earth, and so laid down their
unimportant lives for the gray moon. During the lunar festivals that followed,
shortly after the Earth had been fully painted, one of her brothers would crash
into a colour moon.

For seven years, at the start of each year, the Earth’s sky filled with a bang,
followed by a ruinous shower of rainbowish chunks. The Earth people were shocked
– how could the colour moons hurt them so much on the day they loved them the
most! Fueled by vengeance, they built machines capable of destroying the colour
moons. These devices were powered by the intense, scorching light of the sun. As
they kept getting betrayed, humans rid the heavens of more and more colour moons
until they were no more. The gray moon finally had her worshippers, or so she
thought.

The machines the humans built were, after all, powered by the sun, who had
thusly proven himself to be powerful, reliable and, most importantly, warm. He,
who at first was feared for being fire, became Earth’s solely-worshipped
celestiality. The humans did not even consider the last remaining moon. The
still unworshipped gray moon, now without family and truly alone, started
weeping. She has not stopped crying since. She shines an ugly, sad silver.

The number two holds a place in my life. There should be an adjective there, but
I have two to pick from: “good” or “bad”. I’m not sure which one it is.

I have two of many: two ears, two arms, et cetera. Just one nose, though, but
there’s two nostrils I get to use. There’s two valves in my heart that cough up
blood. They spew that nasty liquid – who knows where it’s been? – into two
chambers; chambers like abandoned music halls where the ghost of good times
still resonates. Cobwebs and dust cover a lone drum set in the left corner of
the stage, almost hidden by a curtain. Its red-stained rhythm reminds me I am
alive, which is good or bad. I’m not sure.

I have two hands, the right of which I don’t like to use. My left I reach out
with. Its clawy form grasps at the window, opened slightly. There is a breeze
today, an ocean. My hand goes unanswered and I understand completely. When it
comes to those two things: yes or no – help me or help me not – I’d go with no,
too. Two angelic shapes carry me through that window – I’d successfully squeeze
through, because it’s my dream – and they take me to the beach. Two towels are
waiting there for me; well, just one. The other one keeps waiting, and so do I.
I wait, and I feel. Or maybe I don’t, I’m not sure.

I have two eyes and I don’t like looking at myself. I avoid looking in front of
me, only up and down. When I look up, I see a sky that’s wonderful. Beyond that
sky lies something I enjoy thinking about. I imagine myself as a space hero with
a powerful blaster gun, performing opportunistic mercenary work and hunting
aliens. When I look down, I see two hands that have touched two things. I have
held two mugs. One I fill with green tea and honey, the other I filled with
coffee – no milk, two sugars, my gratitude. I clasp the tea with my left and I
clasped the coffee with my right. There are two names on them. One mug isn’t
used anymore, one name isn’t said anymore.

I have two lungs and they stop working. The air I breathe comes in two: dead
space, and the air that carries my name. There’s so much that whispers me.
Space, for instance, calls out to me pretty much all the time. I go there
constantly, either visiting planets based around a single thing (my favourite is
Planet Food!), or making lengthy jumps on the moon while a synthesizer plays
noises I can only describe as “space sounds”. In space, I use both of my hands,
look straight ahead, walk.

But that stops when I breathe in the dead space. I choke, because violin strings
form in my lungs, the antechamber to the music hall. When struck, they play a
melody a bit too solemn for my tastes but one that suits the mood. The dead
vibrations remind me I am not alive, which is. It just ‘is’, I’m not sure if it
is good or bad.

Unlike the number two, dead space does not hold an ambivalent place in my life.
It is hated. Dead space is the space on the towel next to me, the space I no
longer carry coffee to, the space in my air that no longer carries your name,
the space you no longer occupy.

“WHAT AN UNEXPECTED SIGHT.” The excited yells of a random stranger quake through
my skull. It doesn’t do my headache any good, although I do share the sentiment.
I did not expect to see this, whatever ‘this’ is, nor did I expect them to be so
legged yet so fashionable. Now that I think of it, I heard their voice in the
baggage claim, too. Their personal belongings hadn’t warped in properly, or
something. They made such a fuss about it! Their desperate shrills resonated at
such a wavelength, the head membranes of seven respected Zone 4 diplomats
popped.

It was a mess, it gave me a headache, a minor political crisis ensued, and now
the fool’s at it again. But fair enough, those luggage warpers are truly
terrible. Some poor sod’s husband’s ashes were transmuted into a grade 3B
cosmo-terror. And now HE has to pay for damages! No wonder they still transport
folks with ships.

Still, I’m just glad my stuff popped up alright. Heck, it’s a miracle the
package is intact at all. I’ll forget to mention to my employer I made a little
sidetrip to Old Earth. It’s been a struggle for the tiniest shred of joy to
thrive there for the past few centuries, and last month central authority’s
confirmed that it’s impossible for the natives to grow happy anymore. Least I
can do is bring some happiness from the outside. Reaching Europa B5 is always a
hassle. Levels B1 to B3 have been taken over by the central governing AI’s. It’s
not that they malfunctioned and became murderously evil or anything; that only
happened once, on Planet AI, formerly New Old Earth.

I mean, don’t run ‘feelings.exe’ and expect them to suffer your dirty fingertips
on their motherboards. No, these AI’s are actually really nice, albeit a bit
talkative. Since they failed their directives to “keep at least one (1) person
alive”, but lack a termination sequence, they spend their time consuming ancient
media and share it with me when I’m around. B1 loves science fiction audio-books
spoken by its bethrothed ‘Microsoft Sam’, Sophia is into history and critical
gender theory, and B3 really likes the sound metal currency makes when placed
inside of a leather bag. It’s rather incredible what those Old Earthlings came
up with, despite not being able to jump very high or love one another.

I’m sure you can see how it takes a while for me to get through these three
levels alone. Just now, they had me read this work of fiction called “History of
the Mighty Sovereignity of Humans Who Are the Best And Also of Non-Humans
Treated as Second-Rate Citizens, Vol. 4 (2733 – 2850)”. Whoever you may be,
Collective of Authors Chronicling Human History for the Good That Is Humanity,
your name is weird and your novel is TERRIBLE.

Europa B4 is probably my least favourite place in the universe – and I’ve been
to Planet Nightcore AND Zone 3. No offence to Zone 3’ers, but it’s no Zone 2,
which is better than all the other Zones, which are not Zone 2. First time I
went there, about fifty years ago, it took me forty to get through. Sophia told
me that B4 was wiped out after someone who was happy had written a book about a
palace. The author was so thrilled about putting her thoughts and fantasies on
paper, one of her happiness crystals burst, spilling euphoria over the pages.
Some kind of mold formed that rapidly expanded and absorbed all living tissue it
came in contact with.

In a couple of minutes, B4 was transformed into an organic, baroque-style
palace. Year forty of my wandering that exuberant hell, I had to go to the
bathroom. Seated, it was there that I found a leatherbound novella titled
‘PALACE’. It was 60 consecutive pages of the selfsame sentence: “I will not wait
in line for heaven, I will carve a palace from within.” Page 61, for some
reason, was left blank aside for a scribbled “i sell all for heaven”. I thought
that was a really weak ending, so I drew an anatomically-incorrect heart over
‘sell’. When I then left the bathroom, I was standing in front of the entrance
to B5.

I’m pretty cheerful. I say this, because Europa B5 never fails to make me feel a
bit hollow. Not in a ‘void of space’ kind of way, mind you. Because honestly
let’s face it, the cosmos is full of life and it’s all so diverse and vibrant.
It’s a rather Earthian way of thinking, that the universe is ’empty’ outside of
that shitty planet. But yeah, Europa B5 depresses me. It came as no surprise
that happiness can’t grow there anymore. I always visit whenever I pass by Old
Earth, but I have to balance it out with an injection of euphoria or an
overdosis of ataraxia. I need these crystals to live, to feel passion, to feel
anything. The whole universe does. No one wants to be in a place or exist at all
without happiness. But such is the case in Europa B5.

Imagine, just four unhappy kids, left to rule over 3,930,000 square miles of
starless waste. From what Wesley told me, the governing AI was taught passion by
his mom, the colony weaver. It tried to process that, and suddenly there was a
whole lot of nothing. I showed them the package I was carrying. I could actually
see crystals forming on their dried skins! OGRE-YOU-ASSHOLE produced a joyful
sound that caused a minor earthquake. Joffri clapped his hands in delight. His
many, many hands. Imp didn’t show any visible reaction to it, but I’m sure that,
although xe is seven jet-black monoliths, it was appreciated. I said goodbye,
and those emotional little critters cried an ocean that allowed me to swim back
up to the surface.

Now I’m here on Planet X, with a headache and a space fashionista shining a loud
and bright monochrome because they found their luggage. Five plastic cubes,
filled with… weird liquids? Reality isn’t supposed to do that, I don’t think.
“I’ll have you know, the universe used to be full of this stuff. It’s called
‘colour’. Here, I’ll show you.” Even though I didn’t say anything, the leggy
alien starts to open a box. The liquid spills upwards into the world like it’s
supposed to. Amazing! The buildings, the air, and even myself get covered with
this ‘colour’. I feel the crystals growing, I can feel myself becoming happier.
So very happy. Before my skin fully crystallises, I take out the package – a
tiny, ornamented silver box – and open it. Apparently it’s ‘the last music note’
– I have no idea what that means, but it sure sounds nice. The crystals of my
body begin to adopt a distinctly different ‘colour’ than what was poured into
the world, begin to emit a distinctly different ‘music note’. I see everything
becoming crystals. Not a single atom, not a single thought, not a single concept
is left unhappy. The universe is happy. I am happy.

A# – glide to A. “Joshua. Joshua. This is your new father,” is what the words
meant. A smile like Orion’s belt: askance, far away. A touch on my cheek –
calloused palms, unintended chafing. “Indeed, your new father.” Words I already
knew were repeated. I was told he is my father. I am told things to remember. He
brought money. Animal skin suitcase, father never hunted before. Seven paper
stacks bound by paper strips. I am paper, I was told; a document. Ink cascades
down my forehead, down my face – an ovoid blank. Words appear, words I
remembered: “Stars” “Heavens” “Orion’s belt” “Beautiful” “Fuck!” “Shit!” “HELP”
“Help” “help”

G. Breakfast table, new father, five men, one woman, me. Velveteen covers,
embroideries of flowers I saw in the forest. Don’t know the names. I know their
occupations: flower. They are laughing, yelling, roaring, cannonfire. Woman has
pink lips, a ruby choker. Expensive throat slit. Scar on her lip, she smiles at
me – no laugh, yell, roar, Howitzer M109 – I feel the exact same. A plate is
given to me – toast and eggs, one strip of bacon. The television family ate this
once. I saw them do it. They had a lot of problems. Father was abusive but
laughing people made it okay. Woman was not real, couldn’t have been, fantasy on
paper. Children should have been happy with a home. “Pretty quiet, that one.”
Five men laugh at me, one points. I tense up. “Whoa. Relax, kid, you’re with
family now.” No defence ready, but no defence necessary. I am with family. I
wish I was quiet. I wish it was quiet. Loud, like hand grenades, like exploding
stars. That happens, I remember it being told. Will that happen to the sun? M67,
frag. Ka-BOOOOOOM! Table falls silent. “Jesus. Where the fuck did that come
from?” “Where’d you even find this kid?” Silence after a bang is a good thing, I
was told. ‘That’s how you know it’s safe, Joshua,’ is how I was told.

F to E. Two months ago, 0300, new father set up equipment. Not for spotting, but
looking at the sky. Night raid? No. Too dark. No lights on in camp. Radio
silence. “There are more stars out in the heavens than guns, Joshua. Or so I’d
like to think.” The desert is cold and dry. My skin hurts when I drink. I want
to drink but I don’t want to hurt. I am thirsty. “On clear nights like these,
you can see Orion’s belt with the naked eye. But looking at it through a
telescope is even better. Isn’t space beautiful?” I close one eye and peer
through the scope. Emptiness and lights, all above me. The lights make me
readable: the Joshua paper, document 77. Joshua is a part of this family,
belongs to this father. Bang. C14 Timberwolf, 2500 yards northeast. No silence.
Bad. “Fuck!” “Shit!” “HELP” “Help” “help”. Silence. Good.

String snaps. Another bang. I scream; I have been killed, but I don’t want to
be. Silence. Breathing. No silence. Screaming. My lungs are filling with air. My
blood is my blood, not a stain on the ground. Good. Mother rushes into my room.
She knows what has happened. I was shot, in my head. Not a real bullet. She
takes my guitar, used to be father’s, and wraps her arms around me, but not a
chokehold. She makes me live again, warmth and humming. I put my arms around her
and I become silent again. Not a target. Silence again. Better.

You made a mistake.

Red stains on an icy floor, you are biting your bloody nails. When an antagonist
says “now it’s your turn,” you’re usually used to an accompanying murderous
intent. But the only things here are chilling silence and a notable lack of
villains. Your nails are running out. You grind the old blood from underneath
with your teeth, sharpened by the rocks and sand you use for sustenance. The
blood not yours mixes with a solution of spit and hate deluging from your
wizened mouth. Rinsed clean of proof of sin, you are slightly less disgusted by
your own hands. About two units of disgust less. That’s 48 more to go, to be
precise. Precision has always been your forte. It has killed many women.

A fragile man, a pile of assorted bones, had tasked you with the destruction of
a place hated only by him. “The cold is bad for my bones. Ice can turn into
water, which is bad for my bones. Rid the world of ICE DUNGEON PLUS and I will
reward you with SKULL TREASURES.” You were reluctant at first, having so many
good memories of refrigeration. Your dog lasted long hours longer, thanks to the
cold. But the promise of SKULL TREASURES convinced you, the exact tier of
treasure you care to make an effort for.

ICE DUNGEON PLUS was full of traps, but those can’t hurt you. You only take
action when it is necessary. There is no room for error, no room for mistakes.
Death is unnecessary; you don’t take any action towards it. It’s surprising how
much time you spend staring at blank walls, listening to the crackle of your own
skin. A lot of the things you do can lead to death. All this inaction hasn’t
done much for your body heat. You once froze a dog by petting it.

Entering the final room of ICE DUNGEON PLUS, you expected a boss, certainly. You
had it all figured out: how to kill it, how to escape, how to inform the pile of
bones it was done, how to spend hours telling yourself it was necessary. But you
did not expect her. Unlike the bosses you’d encountered before, she did not try
to kill you. Not a single action performed was towards your death.

This was the first time nothing tried to kill you; you felt less cold. Instead
of ICE III, she cast you a look like transparent icicles, sharp and clear with
intention. Your lips and fingers knew exactly where to go. Dry, cold skin can be
surprisingly warm when acted upon. This was necessary, she was necessary. Then,
a low chuckle scared you. “Now it’s your turn.” Fear, panic, health bars running
low, no action can lead to death.

This was necessary, you tell yourself, biting your bloody nails. It has been
hours and you still don’t believe a word of it. You eagerly activate pressure
plates, expecting to be skewered; you can’t help but dodge the cold spikes
jutting from the ground. You unintentionally dodge the boulder rolling towards
you. You dance through a fire trap, hoping that flames can melt a body as cold
and barren as yours. None of it works.

You made a mistake and you can’t help but live with it.

Today is the first day of my life and the town elder tells me I have to leave.

I did a wrong thing, or was chosen, but I have to go away. People who I think
are my parents are saying things to me. A lot of strange symbols come from their
mouths and I do not understand them. I can look back on any mouth symbols people
have said to me whenever I want but it’s not very useful. For the most part I
say YES or NO. It works fine. Those are the only words I know but it’s very easy
and I like that. The elder gives me ’$\/\/0RD’ and ‘l*07i0N’. One I can use to
attack and the other I can use to ‘heal’. I think that word means the opposite
of attack, which is also good? There’s another YES/NO option and I say YES and I
leave the village forever. I know it’s forever because I bump against the
entrance and it won’t let me back in. I guess this is what adulthood’s like.

Travelling is fun. It’s very dangerous and many animals (and sometimes people?)
attack me but that’s what $\/\/0RD is for. If ’|-|l*’ is low I use ‘l*07i0N’ to
feel better again. ’|-|l*’ must be how happy I am. When the ’|-|l*’ of something
that doesn’t like me reaches 0 it leaves me alone which is good because I like
being happy and when things attack me I get less happy. When I attack a lot of
things I get to be tougher by exactly one in how strong, smart, or fast I am.
I’m not very smart yet but maybe later I will be. I have already learned many
things already but not what ’60lD’ is yet. It has been a long time since I left
the village but there is another up ahead! Maybe I get to stay for longer than a
day.

It is very pleasant here, although my first day was very tough. I managed to
figure out the secret all by myself! You must give a lot of ’60lD’ to people and
they give you gifts even if they don’t know you. In a building filled with beds
I said NO to a man the first time we spoke and nothing happened but then I said
YES and it made me happy. I gave a lot of ’60lD’ to a man selling things to put
on your body and he gave me ’|-|4T’. Wearing it makes some numbers go up and
makes me feel safer, which is a good thing. No one in the village is attacking
me, though, which is also a good thing? I can stand close to small animals and
they make sounds but I don’t understand the sounds. I hope they are saying nice
things about me or the people that live here.

There is a tree in the square that’s very tall and pretty. There is a group of
people underneath it making music and dancing. I want to join them but I don’t
think I can move my body in more than two ways. The dancing boy has a lot of
animations which makes me a bit upset even though ’|-|l*’ is still the same. He
makes weird signs appear and I say YES and suddenly I am dancing with him. We
dance until night happens and suddenly it is morning and the boy is there. We
now are together which is very nice. I still don’t understand his mouth symbols
so I just say YES because he is very smart and knows what to do. He does not
need ’$\/\/0RD’ to fight and instead uses ’/\/\461C’. Maybe I need to get
smarter so I can do that too. We talked with the village elder – well, I just
said YES – and now we are headed for a cave. This is the second time I’ve been
sent me away but I don’t think I mind because ’|-|l*’ is all the way full.

The cave is very dark. Thankfully there are many glowing drawings on the wall.
They look a lot like the strange symbols that pour from people’s mouths so I
guess I learned another thing but I still don’t understand. The dancing boy and
I attack a lot of things which makes the both of us tougher – I secretly put
ones into being smart because I want ’/\/\461C’, too. At the end of the cave
there is a very strong animal that makes the dancing boy unhappy. He is lying on
the floor which is no place to sleep (I know this because a bed is where you
sleep!). I give him the last ‘l*07i0N’ but nothing happens so I attack the
animal until it leaves us alone. I get tougher again.

Thank goodness: the dancing boy gets up again after the fight. He says something
and I say YES and he opens the treasure chest the animal was guarding. He grabs
what’s inside and turns to me, holding a very strange device. Now we can go back
to the village. But, for some reason, I suddenly become a lot less happy. The
dancing boy is happy, though, which is good, and he walks away. I can’t move. I
can’t ‘heal’. I can’t make myself happy. I put another one into smart. The
glowing symbols on the wall – I understand them now. They read, “BEWARE THE
BEAST THAT GUARDS THE TREASURE, BUT BEWARE THE TREASURE MORE…” I think this
means I can understand mouth symbols, too.

“I’ve never done this sort of thing before.” She unlocks the hotel room door and
creeps in. Smiling like a streetlight, she pulls me in. In for a kiss, in for
more. We exchange spit like politicians trade in lies. Our hands move on bodies
not our own, trying to open locks to secrets begging for taking. Her shirt
dissipates. My tongue leaves a trail from her lower lip to her neck, her
shoulder, her chest, her stomach. She grabs my head and hisses, “you’re an awful
liar.” I move to unequip her leather pants– She starts blurring. The hotel room
melts. My body doesn’t feel my own. I am lunged backwards. The world races past
me, faster than I can comprehend. Everything is a haze, is in front of me.
Complete darkness envelops as I get more and more removed from the place I wish
I could stay in. In that place, now less than a speck of bright in the distance,
I know she’s just as disappointed and frustrated as I am.

“Just as it started to get good.“ I chuckle to myself and shake my head to no
one in particular. Stark naked in a leather office chair, wearing only an older
model VirtuCom helmet… Sure am glad no one’s watching me right now, not that I’d
care. I unplug my headgear, saunter over to my bed where I put my clothes and
begrudgingly redress myself.

As I struggle to get into my tight brown leather pants, the ones with
bright-magenta strips on the back, I notice the A/C’s off. I’m beading with
sweat, the choking urban heat instantly noticable. I look at my computer. Third
Life didn’t crash, the power was cut off. “Ah, jammit.”

My door flies off its hinges. I fall on the bed and narrowly dodge it. Like a
grenade went off, the door explodes against the north window, into a googol
oakwood splinters. My desktop becomes a pin cushion, my prized digital display
of E-rockstar Trish Rigs is skewered and glitches out. It starts displaying an
ad for nerdcore act The Angry AIs and I begin to scream. My dog looks up to see
what all the commotion is and goes back to sleep.

I roll off the bed and blindly grab under it, taking the first things I get my
hands on. Electrum knuckles with integrated music player? Why do I even have
these? I slide them on my left hand, put in the earbuds, and take cover against
the south wall.

“You’re overdue on your debts, Mx. Cureleathers.“ I can hear the thick, gutteral
voice booming over Trish Rigs’s 2087 hit single ‘Let Me Hack Your Soul, Baybee’.
That one’s so good, I’m crying a bit. “And like cyberhell that’s your real name!
Now you gotta pay up twice – once for the debts, and another to change that
two-bit pseudonym of yours. Unless you want it listed in tomorrow’s obituaries.“

She bellows like a maniac at her own joke, which was actually pretty good. I’m
laughing too, despite my situation. “Mate, you interrupted something real sweet.
Come back tomorrow, alright?” I glance around the corner: the debt collector’s
size isn’t as impressive as her boombox of a voice, but she’s still pretty big.
Oh, gray plate on the throat. Of course, voice modulation. She also has a
shotgun. That’s like, bad for me.

“How abouts I drag your broken body back to office, wrangle some Cybucks out of
your pathetic ass?“ “Only if you’re plugging the USB in, doll.” The unmistakable
sound of a shotgun getting cocked sends shivers down my spine. Or it’s that
freakin’ draft from the window. I’m not wearing a shirt, just these sweet, sweet
pants. A muffled footstep on my cheap carpet – I take a quick look at Data;
still in her box, whew – the collector’s coming closer.

I take a deep breath and let Trish guide me to sweet survival, baybee. I sway
around the corner and rush at the collector, singing the lyrics with full voice.
I hit the SHOCK MODE button on my knuckles and prepare for the meanest left
hook, ruder than social media. Right before my fist connects with her admittedly
very fair face, the song abruptly stops, and a robotic voice nowhere as lovely
as Trish’s informs me, “INSUFFICIENT BATTERY FOR SHOCK MODE”.

My fist on her face, a sheepish smile on mine. “Ah… jammit.” She aims her
shotgun at my leg and pulls the trigger.

It may as well have been a sniper shot. The pellets from the shotgun virtually
have no time to spread, and inject themselves into my leg like a hacker lunges
at a dataport. I crumble to the ground, screaming in pain – what else is there
to do? I look up at the debt collector with tears and sweat in my eyes – not a
single drop of mercy in hers. Her bright cyan lenses shine pure condescension on
me. Like, actually. For real. “Could you maybe turn those down, love?” Her
artificial pupils widen, obviously unsure why the hell I’m talking instead of
doing the screaming and bleeding.

I inform her politely, “bulletproof pants with kick boosters.” I jump up on my
right leg and rapidly pivot on my heel, slamming my shin into her side. Oh, how
the airhockey tables have turned! She stumbles against the west wall, dropping
her shotgun. I pick it up – lasered into its side it says, in bright magenta,
“ASK ME ABOUT COCK”. Datadamn, I would’ve loved to take this muscle girl to a
bar instead of Painzone, population: uh, her, I guess.

I hop backwards into my apartment, snatching as much Trish Rigs memorabilia and
downloadables as I can, also gently nudging Data awake. “Time to go, little
one.” His voice modulators emit a yawn and he stretches a bit. His joints really
need an oiling or two. I put in my earbuds again; now it’s playing ‘Let’s Fall
from the Control Spire Together, Baybee’.

“Definitely one of her darker, more experimental songs – her producer for that
album was being blackmailed by this neondim bloke. He found some ‘saucy
pictures’ of her, the producer, which he meant literally. He found some camsnaps
covered in sauce at this restaurant and he let her know and she took it the
wrong way? Offered to let him compose like four tracks on that album.” Done
updating Data’s knowledge on Trish Rigs trivia, I start hurrying towards the
door, carefully stepping over the now-passed out debt collectress.

“You alright in there, Casino?“ The sudden voice stops me dead in my tracks, and
also bumping into the corporate headquarters of a man does. He’s wearing one of
those gimmicky suits, the ones that are mostly transparent as to show off
muscles or mechanics. “Uh, hoi. I’m gonna assume that’s Casino over there?” I
look over and gesture at the lady gracing my carpet. I try to level my shotgun
with any organic part of his mostly-cybernetic body but I’m guessing he has a
fine set of wired reflexes in him, because that was an insanely fast punch.

I fly backwards, crashing into the radiator, knocking off most of my figurines
from the windowsill. “I don’t care about your damn debts. You’ll be paying with
your life for this.” Datadamn, are all debt collectors this witty? I get up,
feeling not so sweet, especially in my ribcage area. I raise my arm to allign
the shotgun with this jake, which goes significantly easier than before. Then
again, lifting your arm up is way easier when you’re not actually holding a
shotgun. “Aw, jammit.”

The newest-appeared debt collector cocks the shotgun that I rightfully looted
and goes for the shot. His metal finger crawls around the trigger. I’m sweating
beads, trying to come up with gnarly acrobatics that could let my pants block
the shot without also doing things to my spine. “You shit mutt!” I open my eyes,
still in a fetal position, and see Data chewing on his expensive electronics. I
also see Data getting flung right over my head, out the window. Without even a
scrap of cogency I jump out after him, which has the neat corollary of narrowly
keeping me from getting ventilised by an angry cyborg with a shotgun.

Jumping out of a 68-story apartment window to save a dog doesn’t really have the
same death-preventing effect, though. I can make out a faint, faintly purple
outlined figure standing on top of the roof two stories above me. “Hey, don’t do
it man. Life’s pretty sweet.” I really do believe that, even now. As gravity
does its thing, I begin to sing along to the final chorus of ‘Let’s Fall from
the Control Spire Together, Baybee’. Data modulates along. We practiced.

You and I are ether and inter

nether regions, yellow tape to pieces

soaring down but babe we’re uploading

heaven’s waiting, let’s get downloaded

I suddenly stop. Soaring, that is, not singing. “Probably won’t make it as a
singer, ace.” The very straightforward person who’s got me grabbed by my ankle
pulls me into their apartment.

Yeah, life is pretty sweet.

Hanging outside a window, some 40 stories high, I see the city for the first
time in weeks. Not, like, literally, although I did have the blinds drawn. No,
I’m looking at a city, naked and exposed. A neon sprawl, covered in an
oppressive haze (read that on a tourist BBS one time). Skyscrapers of
corporations stand out like machine parts: each a cog in something we don’t
understand. Sunlight hits their sickeningly spotless chrome exteriors, even in
the dead of night. Corporations control the weather, after all.

Any sunlight dies before it gets to bounce off to the rest of town, let some
light in that isn’t from a neon sign. The corps have unlimited renewable energy
that way; monopoly on solar panels. They need to power The Shell, after all.
Rest of the town, though? Not so much! Electro’s rationed for cityplayers and it
is expensive. Ten days of earnest pay is worth an hour of computer a day, one
laundry tour, and maybe a light or two (or two Trish Rigs virtual displays) for
a week. Nooo thank you, I’ll take my sweet chances with running from debt
collectors.

My urban soliloquy is rudely interrupted by the rooftop gestalt plummeting down.
They pass me, too fast for me to really catch any details other than the shocked
realisation on their face. I hear a scream, followed by a small ker-ploff into a
garbage dumpster, concluded by a series of words I’d rather not process. I feel
a heavy tug on my leg. My face slams against the window as I’m pulled into the
apartment with Data. “Jesusch Hacking Chrfist, thanksh for catchig me but show
soum restrainpt, woldya?” I’m clutching my nose in pain, blood running like an
Android W.K. album cover. “You signed up for this job, datadropper. Get used to
it.” A lightly-modulated femme voice tells me off and I’m sort of into it.

I slowly get up. “D’you hab like a servette or somthing? I bink my noes is
brokem.” Before I get a good look, they suddenly storm off into the bathroom.
“Uh, you okay?” “You stay there,” a mechanical snarl commands me and I obey.
“You’re BLEEDING. I can’t stand that, that red stuff.” I take a look around the
apartment – no tissue around, save for the bits from my nose. Black sofa, black
table, black paint. A ceiling fan missing half a blade whirs softly. The only
remarkable, colourful thing in here is a terrarium under ugly, fluorescent
lighting. The fan and lights hum softly together; a sad, generator-powered
post-ambient seems like a fitting soundtrack for this place. I wipe my nose on
the black curtains, blow a bit. Hurts like hell.

“Okay, I’m coming out. You better not be phlebotomising all over my apartment
anymore.” “What?” “Bleeding.” “Oh. No, I’m not.” I make sure I stand in front of
the bloodstain.

My saviour reemerges from the bathroom. The only applicable word I can think of
is “surprising”. Plain tanktop and pants, dyed a faded purple and green. Their
shoulder-length black hair, as they’re tying it into a knot, is almost invisible
against the paintjob of the walls. But what strikes me and my fancy are their
hardware: a chrome throat-plate, similar to the debt collector’s, used for voice
modulation; a disproportionately-sized robotic arm where most folk would have
dangling an organic limb; and a triangular glass visor covering most of their
head, both sides ending in a sharp angle just above the mouth. It’s got one of
those fancy, built-in emotion displayers, a great invention for the disabled and
socially awkward. Right now it’s showing an unimpressed ’:-|’ face.

“You mentioned ‘datadroppers’ earlier, mixter–” “Mister,” he cuts me off and I
dare not speak again. “It’s why you’re here, isn’t it?” They turn to me and
gesture at my dog. “This the data?” I nod diffidently, “this is Data, yes.” Data
modulates a bark. “Sooo, my name’s–” “I know who you are. You’re Caesar, expert
datadropper. 32 independent jumps, 13 corporate. An impressive record.” The
visor flicks to a ’:-)’. I’m pretty confident that I’m not, but that emotion
displayer is making it real hard to disagree.

“I, yeah. Sure.” I nervously scratch the back of my neck, pulling at the spot my
dataport once was. He crouches down and lets Data sniff his alloyed hand. “I
think it’s genius, using a pup as a datastorage. I’m still going to need to
check his hard drive, though, if that’s OK with you.” I slowly nod and tell Data
it’s okay, my face clammy with sweat. What do I have on there again?
Educational/inspiration kung-fu videos, some Third Life ’emergency’ contacts,
blurry .bmp files of Trish Rigs from her live concert at the Technope Drome last
Tuesday… Aw jammit, this is bad.

As the cyborg moves to plug in his USB jack – he has to flip it around twice –
the door busts open. A familiar cocking sound fills the apartment. I look up,
hesitantly, realise this just got a lot worse, and whisper. “Ask me about cock…”

“…excuse me?”

“The shotgun.” “Oh.” He looks over at the gun and reads the message painted on
its side. It takes him a second, then he lets out an ugly chortle. Through his
vocal modulation, what’s supposed to be a laugh sounds more like a wasp nest
inside of an industrial grinder. The debt collector I remember as Casino raises
an eyebrow, her cyan eyes flamelike with intensity. “What’s so funny?” Her voice
crackles with electronic rage, but she keeps her distance. Probably remembering
my sweet pants. I stretch my leathered leg as a taunt, also because I’ve got
some serious cramping going on. Before she can do anything, a hand grabs her
shoulder. Each finger a cinderblock, each nail a saw. The owner steps aside her:
it’s the skyscraper from before. He extends his index finger – the tip of which
a hypnotising swirl.

“That your man?” he asks. I break free from the hypnosis, blushing heavily. “We
just met!” Cyborg’s visor flicks to ‘:|’ and looks at me with computerised
disdain. Skyscraper grunts a gutteral ugh. “Not you, gratis.” That means
‘freeloader’ in the racketeering business, someone who evades corporate tax by
moving around a lot.

“For an insult, it’s not that cutting. Could’ve gone with, I don’t know, leech,
or sapper, or society blighter. Someone on Third Life called me a ‘pantaloser’
once. That really hurt my feelings. These pants mean a lot to me, you know. You
gotta get personal with these insults, I’m just saying.”

From behind Casino strides in a third member and joins motley duo, now a motlier
crew. His leather jacket is covered in grime, and banana peels and empty tin
cans are sticking to his chrome: two bulky arms with cogs and clockwork designs.
His silver hair is gelled into a frictionless pompadour, like a lumpia of grease
and grunge. God, I’m starving. His expression is unamused, his head tilted back
to glare at Cyborg and I from the bottom of his sockets. He parts his dry lips.
“That’s him, yeah.” “Hey. ‘Them’, not ‘him’,” I object. The trio close their
eyes in sudden shame and retroactive respect. Skyscraper repeats himself, “this
the scumbag you were looking for?” “That’s them, yeah.” I nod in approval.

Pompadour forces his eyes wide open. “Yeah. That’s the one who stole my drop.”
He’s struggling to keep a cool composure. Steam is blowing from his arm vents. A
single hair flicks out of the formation of his perfect pompadour. “Jumped from a
few floors lower than me so…” A vein on his forehead bulges, “he could be
grabbed instead of me.” His bloodshot eyes jut at Cyborg. His visor switches to
an alarmed red ‘!’.

“Wait… Don’t tell me. YOU’RE Caesar?” “Yeah, that’s me. Mind tellin’ me ’bout
that poser you hooked up with?” I can feel both their burning stares plus an
uncomfortable heat from a very, very angry visor. I look away and whistle an
inconspicuous tune. Namely, Trish Rigs’s least-known song, ‘Silence after an
Unsuccessful Surgery’, released on a 100-copy EP before her first major hit.
“That song is rumoured to be autobiographical but she hasn’t confirmed or denied
this yet so–” Four voices command me to “Shut up!” and I oblige.

Skyscraper steps forward and makes a cracking motion with his flawless metal
neck, mimicking what that would sound like with his mouth — very unconvincingly
I might add. He addresses the boy I’ve admittedly rudely imposed on and probably
manipulated to a degree. “Here’s the situation, halfbot. You did your job wrong,
snatched the wrong dropper. They ain’t even got the right data. Just a dog,
called Data.” Cyborg shrugs, Data barks. “In fact,” he continues, “we were
already chasing ’em. They’s a freeloader.” He looks at me with electrifying,
condescending eyes, “A society blighter.” He lets out a chuckle, Casino follows
suit with an equally forced one. “Now Caesar here,” he pats his leather jacket
to wipe off some of the grime, “we met him on our way down. Told us about this
shirtless freak that stole his drop. So, you see, our interests… they were… uh…”
“Similar?” “Yeah, ‘similar’. Shut the jack up.” I do so! “So it was only natural
we teamed up. That way, we can all have some fun with ’em, the three of us.” He
cracks his knuckles, again doing the mouth thing. Ugh.

Cyborg looks lost in thought. I can tell ’cause his visor’s displaying a big
blue ‘?’. “So, what undertaking would you have me do?” Caesar traipses forward
and puts a disgusting, steampunkish arm on his shoulder, in clear violation of
personal space laws. “You’re a smart kid. This is probably your first drop and
this glitch took advantage of that. So, here’s how’s it gonna work. I give you
the data, you give us the leech. And… I’ll be taking that with me, to cover for
the inconveniences, mm?” He points at the terranium in the back of the room. If
he was seriously considering Pompadour’s offer, he sure as cyber isn’t anymore
now. Gripping Caesar’s hand and pulling it away with his real(?) arm, his visor
turns a blood red, displaying a furious ‘>:(‘. His actual mouth clenches, too.
Pompadour struggles to break free, pulling at Cyborg’s arm, gnawing at it with
fake teeth, but fails so hard. Never get retroware installed. It’s weak and I
mean, at no point was steampunk cool.

He clutches my arm with his robot hand. Huh? “I don’t think so,” a chilling
femme voice fills the room. All falls quiet, all feels quiet, and the world
rushes past me as I’m hurled at the debt collectors, pants-first.

I wake up when it’s dark, but not because it emulates death. Same room, same
black. The curtains are drawn though they don’t have to be; the lights outside
are long gone, abandoned. Lanterns broke, plants burned with hate and acid,
fireflies killed with teeth. The sun is still out somewhere. He’s forgotten
about me and I don’t really mind. Residues of heat meant for greater things,
like a stoic prison guard giving food to someone they’ve never seen before. I
won’t freeze to death, at least.

The penumbral outline of my heavy legs plummet and crash through the floor. Past
the worms in the dirt that think of me as filth, past the bones and fossils of
things the earth cared to preserve, into the overgrown halls of Persephone. She
plucks at my legs as a lyre; her hands are spindly and beautiful, her sighs are
honey, its strings an elegy of the chthonic that causes death. As is what she is
ought to do; I will never know what is desired of me. Yet, I know that an
audience and an indulgence is not what I seek.

I rise up, my pillars retreating from Hades’s reach; heavensward, stopping
halfway. There’s not a lot to revere in my purgatorial pit-stop. Simple
furniture, simple appliances, simple ghosts. An abandoned haunted house of a
studio apartment angry spirits would consider a place to return home to. The
ambience of creaking floorboards made of emptied coffins and the pondering
smacks of my lips, the clatter of a cheap laptop keyboard are the only sounds.
No scribbling or scraping of the pens, pencils, and papers disordering my coffee
table and paintless walls. Shipments of tools I don’t know how to use anymore.

“You’re not doing anything with your life,” hisses the shrill, deceiving voice
of purpose directly into my ear. A concerned adult form that doesn’t know the
first thing about importance, slithering around a body and mind capable of
independence. I am in an underworld. “Drink of Lethe and forget what you do,
know only what needs to be done.” Charon rests his head on his hand and watches,
amused, from Styx. His mouth hums hymns and coins thrum within a small satchel
of my earnings. His boat waits on the riverbank, for me to step away from the
serpent that cannot respect me. The ferryman asks me about my day and I tell him
it’s been fine. We talk about the weather.

The sun rises, not in recognition of me or of my surviving another day. The
mythologies of daybreak spare no heroism for those struggling to get by. But the
grand, incandescent celestialities are not anyone’s measure of worth: we are not
planets, we are mice. My whiskers vibrate when I meet someone alike, my gray fur
is warm and my squeaks are delighted. Pride is found within quotidian struggle
and the continuous success thereof. I have enough drachmas to pay for food and
to pay Charon never to abandon me. I am myself and I get by. I am content. There
is a vibration in my pocket.

I check my phone and smile at the text.

“I don’t think so.” I say that, but I’m not thinking at all. Thoughts race
through my head like magnetic cars glued to the sideways of The Sphere as I’m
hurling a shirtless weirdo at three people who will not appreciate me doing
this. I realise I should have put more thought into who I should throw at them,
or who I should throw them at. Caesar? He’s unstable, untrustworthy, and quick
to anger. His pompadour just poofed into a terrible mohawk of road rage and a
steaming sewer grate

Man, they’ve got a pretty cute butt in that pants. Not much else going on,
though. How about the girl? She has got a shotgun. A very funny shotgun. God,
this all could have been avoided if he just hadn’t brought up the plant. It’s
why the drop happened in the first place! Okay. Focus. Maybe the big guy? He
seems respectable and calm enough. I should definitely get on his good side,
which I’ll do by not throwing the person he unequivocally hates at him. Let’s
hope that’s not what’s going to happen here–

“HAHA, EAT IT!” Excited and accomplished yells break me out of my digital
reverie. As if I’m playing BOWLZONE PINMASTER at the old ‘Death of the Gamer’
arcade hall, I managed to knock over one of three unorthodox bowling pins. My
loud, incorrigible projectile spun themselves around in mid-air and, with a
crotch-thrust dead ahead, landed in the face of the tallest one. The one I did
not want to hit. He slams onto the floor, cracks audibly forming in the carpeted
concrete, eating the groin of his hated enemy through reinforced leather pants.
In the span of seconds, my visor flicks from ’>:(’ to ‘O__O’ to ‘O///O’. I am SO
featuring this in my next slagfic.

“All right, that’s it. You’re dead you son and offspring of glitches.” So
screams the autotuned voice of a cute musclegirl. My fantasies are rudely
interrupted and I begin to panng that this might end very badly for any of us.
My visor springs to a red ‘X’ and all goes black. Last thing I remember is
hearing an error sound.

I was in a gameshow once – the first-ever gameshow with cyborgs. Of course, the
host was human, and most of the audience was. It was supposed to be a simple
quiz, but it was a neon circus. They didn’t tell us for each wrong answer they’d
sever the connection between brain and a piece of hardware. I was nervous.
Biting on the hand that still had nails. The halfbot before me got it wrong,
they cut her lungs from her system. She was gasping for air, hanging over the
brightly-lit booth next to me. The audience roared with laughter and excitement.
The host turned to me and smiled, a terrible smile on the other end of the
humanity spectrum. Demonic, not robotic. “Why are cyborgs inferior to humans?” I
tried to laugh it off, asked if it was a trick question. I heard something snap.
I started panicking. I came to, not in the studio. There was blood on my hands,
both hands. I remember hearing an error sound.

I come to, still in my apartment. “You did good, doll.” I feel a warm hand on my
shoulder. It feels nice. They’re still not wearing a shirt, though. I’m holding
the crumpled remains of a gaudy, bronze arm in my left hand, and a robotic dog
in my right. It makes a happy bark. The arm makes a creeking noise as the wrist
gives out. “What happened…?” They look at me, suspicion in their hazel eyes.
“You want me to tell you because it happened so fast, or because you’re veeery
quick to enter a bloodrage and can’t remember what happens during?” “I’m, uh…
very forgetful?” I know this face. Eyebrows raised, mouth opened slightly. The
equivalent of saying ‘c’mon, really?’ At least, that’s what McCrank’s Guide to
Understanding Facial Expressions of the Unmodified says. “Yes…?” I give out a
diffident chirp.

“Well, lessee. First you tossed me all powerlike at Skyscraper and I made him
eat some of this.” They make a vulgar gesture at a vulgar area. “Then you
jet-punched that Caesar bloke so hard his arm popped off and he crashed into
Casino – the musclegirl – and they flew out, into the hallway. Her shotgun went
a-flying so I snatched it, still faceseated, arched over backwards to shoot the
guy in the microphone. That.” They look kind of flustered saying this. “That’s
slang for ‘robot penis’. At least, I think that’s what Trish Rigs calls it in
‘My Robotic Lover (Let Me Use Your Microphone)’.”

“Anyway, he then headbutted me in the regular penis and I went somersaulting
backwards. Then you, welllll…” They pause, point at the cyborg-shaped hole in
the floor. “Busted a guy through cheap carpet and cheaper concrete.” They pause
again, giving a light applause.

“The other two probably heard and-or saw that and got the jack out of here,
because I ain’t seeing them anymore. Then for some reason you picked up my dog,
dialed Falstaff’s Pizza Place on him, and ordered two tuna pizzas, takeout. And
back to earth you are! By the way, we have to be there in like 20 minutes.”

“Pizza…?” I look up, three blue question marks on my visor. “Yeah. Yeah, okay,
let’s do that.” Trying to process all that and figuring out what to do next
isn’t going to do me any good right now. Besides, I’m starving. I look at my
food-date and extend an organic hand. “I’m Exeter.” They throw on a genuine
smile. Yeck. Haven’t brushed their teeth in a while. “Call me Orlando.”

Don’t look back at us down here our arbitrary reactions are expected: hopeless,
sad, angry, quick to blame You gave us the audacity to admit that death makes us
feel a way

Your book sales are breaking roofs Nothing sells like suicide The ads, our
tragic mythologies to make you seem better than you were that killing your own
was undeserved

I hope you’re happy. No, I really do. That high outside your corpse hope you are
alright, more okay than you were inside, writing one long obitual essay

Everything below the ice of Antarctica is perfectly normal.

Glacial effigies burst from the ground, and the circle they ringed around
crumbled into a deep nothing. Each of the eight totems bore a distinct shape,
heretofore unseen, not even in thought or nightmare. Some were stout, others
slendering, one went against the very concept of size and form. But all were
deep in kowtow, a desperate prostration to the snow they had risen from. They
appeared homesick. Their arms were of a familiar wood covered in icy muscles,
stretched out across the blind crater, overlapping, entwining. And one for one,
they tumbled into that pit. It was serene, graceful, terrifying.

It was later discovered by a group of scientists that a waddle of nomadic
penguins were responsible for building these cold idols, after they came across
a youngling chiseling a happy face into a piece of wood. This did raise some
questions: how had they survived so far inland, where did they get the materials
from, and to where does that hole lead?

Why, the underdwellers helped them, of course! This, however, came as quite the
surprise, the frozen continent turning out to be hollow. Even more puzzling was
the discovery that its insides are hospitable to life as we know it, but
inhabited by life we do not. Here is where we give a slight, appreciative nod to
the scientists for their hard work and also kiss our farewells. But their
research papers are a far cry from the truth of which not even the echoes are
heard; they are merely a desired reality. They aim to explain their findings,
but empiricism prerequisites an inexplicable: something inconsistent and
abnormal, something magical and unscientific.

As we descend – figuratively, of course; this is all a description – we see the
azure sinew pulsating meekly and glowing softly, all the way through the
pitfall. Antarctica is alive, didn’t you know that? Through the transparent skin
you can see the remnantal chunks of primordial totems, a bit more familiar in
shape. You’ve dreamt of these at one point, I assure you. At the bottom of the
hole, lumps of the ones you’re familiarly unfamiliar with are stacked in a
perfect pyramid.

Look around; notice the elderly iceberg surrounded by fantastic creatures. He’s
humming a pleasant, warm tune as only grandpas can do. The heat of his melodies
attracts floatfish, and once opa has gathered enough, he may be lifted back into
the ceiling by the flock of his newfound friends. It’s not a terribly uncommon
occurence. Ancient ice like him has trouble remaining a member of the arctic
mass – arthritis, you see. The fish get a nutritious nibble for their troubles,
and they glide their own paths to the next berg.

You must be thinking: what a beautiful symbiosis this is! No? How am I able to
see beneath a pack of ice and earth? That’s what the limn flowers are for! The
most precious plants in the royal gardens. Their seeds are pure light and
lighter than air. Think of them as streetlights, except for the ice floes.
Luminence as well as heat are scarce and therefore valuable. Troublesome
parasites have the audacity to siphon them without providing anything in return!

One notorious predator, the only of its kind, mimicks a fire’s scent, luring
creatures into its lair with a promise of the warmth they desperately seek.
Siphonophoric colonies of leech ice, shaped like veiny hands, latch onto a
careless animal, sucking its warmflesh dry until its frozen body shatters into
icicle spores. Each spore is a zooid to form a new colony. Near the palace you
will find an old device that looks metallic, but is made from soft materials. It
reluctantly saps nearby warmth to prolong its frustrating existence; it does not
know of an alternative.

Right, I mentioned the palace, didn’t I? Below the ice is technically a
monarchy, I suppose. The ruler and sole member of the royal family is the
ageless princess. She sits upon a pedestal of snows. She sings gentle songs for
dying blizzards, who make the long trek to her palace when it’s time to pass.
The seat of her power hides a second hole, one that leads even farther below the
ice – but I never told you this. The sage, the first overdweller to come here,
brought with her: trees. Plain, simple trees. Trees as you know them, as you
need them, as you take them for granted. Their roots reach into the nothingness
neath the castle, acting as ladders for that which should never be seen. The
royal guard, bless their souls, die to their blazing furies to keep these
monsters to their volcanic confines. What about the sage? She spends her time in
the glass library, rereading records and compendia in the futile hope she may
finally remember how to die.

But not all is tragic and morose! Warmth does not come naturally, but from
happiness. Selflessness and care are traits all denizenss share. For instance,
there are these adorable formless creatures that hop blindly through the
spaciousness. When they meet another of their kind, they hop into each other to
form a happier version of themselves. Sometimes, a hoplet becomes so big it can
no longer move on its own. Then it simply kicks back with a smile to provide
everyone, everything with the heat, shelter, food of its body. And ever since
the roof opened up, more of your kind have moved in here. They wander the
crackling wastes with a smile on their face. Alone, transformed, more ancient,
but happier than they’ve ever been.

I promise you, everything below the ice is perfectly normal. It just might not
be for you.

“We’re having a great time.” They might be; they are sinking into a whirlpool.
The party’s going great.

“I believe you,” says a tall girl. She’s wearing a loose top with the sleeves
torn off. The sinkers nod and are purple. They can’t grab the lifeline thrown at
them: they’re holding a drink and are dancing with one arm in the air. Everyone
else is surrounding the pool, posing like a mannequin. Someone is shining a
purple spotlight on the two in the middle. A sad boy is swirling his
whiskey-coke and decides that the sloshing liquid and ice cubes look exactly
like the two dancers. Like a binary star sucked into a black hole.

He’s a quiet sort, probably a poet. He wears gloves and has wet hair. The tall
girl slowly pulls in the lifeline. The whirlpool isn’t part of the party but
everyone pretends it is, except for her and the boy. They’ve both seen things
like this happen before; it doesn’t really faze them. The tall girl heads back
into the house before she is seen and hides in the bathroom, and begins washing
her face. The sad boy is already there, doing the same. “Hey, long time no see.”

“So, what do you think of the party?”

“I’m not having a great time. I want to leave.”

“Yeah. We should go.”

The tall girl twirls out of her bedroom and he follows suit, into the ballroom.
It’s tiled with marble and filled with mannequins, adorned with ribbons and
corsets and wigs and pocket watches. From the ceiling hangs a chandelier,
snowing flakes of purple light on two dancers rotating in place underneath. The
tall girl hikes up the skirt of her ridiculous dress and runs past them. She is
detected, and chased. Everyone wants her to stay. Craving hands grab her arms.

The two dancers turn, but not in dance. “You must stay, the future is
uncertain.” Her sleeves, goldleaf currents running up and down the seams, are
torn off and she escapes a little farther. She bumps into a sad, smiling boy, a
quiet sort. Probably a poet. He extends his hands, covered by white linen
gloves, ending in the frilly entrance of the sleeve of his blouse. “Hey, long
time no see.”

“Thanks for showing up. Everyone wants to keep me here. I want to leave.”

“Must be nice. We should go.”

It’s night when it happens. Screams under a starry, stormy sky. The arms of the
universe approach and beckon him into a hug, but slap him at the last second.
The boy feels like he is spun – atomically, existentially. He spins and rolls
out of bed. Waves crashing against the boat shake him awake like a concerned
parent (he doesn’t know what that would be like). Saltwater wails on an open
sea. On deck, he sees what he’s wanted to forget. Through the clouds, the moon
beams purple on two people, brothers, spinning not in dance or in a glass, but
in a whirlpool.

He throws a rope at them. His first brother is already gone, somehow fallen
asleep. The other is holding him up and failing. His free hand clasps the rope.
The boy pulls as hard as he can, his ungloved hands scorching despite heavy
rainfall. He cannot have them. Her pleas send water over him, his hair wet with
panic and tears. Time passes, sound stops. ‘Silence from a knife that softly
severs, mistaken for an unsung prayer,’ is all he can think. He’s always had a
knack for poetry. A tall girl puts a hand on his shoulder and slowly pulls in
the rope.

“I wanted to save them, but my arms got tired.”

“They can’t be saved. Your hands look bad.”

“This will stick with me forever.”

“Let’s stick together forever, then.”

“Yeah. We should go.”

The elevator bell dings, we step inside, we’re spit out into the lobby. It’s not
completely deserted, which is surprising when you go over the brutal disco that
went down just now. Caesar, Skyscraper, and Casino are nowhere to be found. The
only one here, behind the pexiglas, hole-riddled and boarded-up again booth is
the landlord, Roel, reading an uninteresting magazine. He’s six screens tall and
incredibly Dutch. We haven’t talked much, just the standard “so I pronounce it
as Rool?” and “godverdomme man wher the fock is mijn rent?” His eyes drag up
from his read and ours meet, then his drop to my bruised, notably shirtless
body. He cocks a scarred eyebrow, his smog-covered lungs cough up a cloud of
words that hardly manages to squeeze through the intercom. “Godverdomme man wher
the fock’s je clothes?” I spin up to his tube-station.

“Rool, baby, when you see a tall, beat-up halfbot stroll down here, stop him for
a second, won’t you? He’s trying to kill me, y’see.” A big sigh wafts into my
face and I hack, wheeze, think of my last words. “Oké, wen I see tet man, I take
matters in mijn own handen. But godverdomme man, effryone is trying to kill je.”
I throw a proud smile back at Exeter, one that says, “see? I’m tough.” I also
tell him that, just in case. His visor flicks to a faded green “-_-” and he
trudges towards the exit carrying the plant from his apartment. I follow with a
hop, followed by a dog carrying a ruined steampunk arm in his mouth.

The streets are colourful, but not in a technicolour kind of way. It’s still
daytime, but sunlight doesn’t reach here. Sodium streetlights barf orange, blue,
and purple from above while the city passes a perpetual, smoky gas. There’s
nothing beautiful about it. A couple of bat-wielding boys wrecked a lumpia cart
and shoved it into the nearest sewer entrance. The old man that runs it is
crying for help, trying to pull his only livelihood out, but he doesn’t stand a
chance against the swellers pulling it in deeper. Swellers, by the way, is short
for ‘sewer dwellers’. That’s people who live in the sewers. It’s free housing,
you shouldn’t judge them, you classist. Every hip and trendy passerby knows
swellers love lumpias, though, so no one bothers. Neither do we, so we keep on
walking. But even more miserable than that urban scene is this glitching awkward
silence. That, and I’m still not wearing a shirt. Holy slag, I’m cold.

“Sooo, uh, you ever visit a poetry forum? I remember this poem that was all ‘oo,
the neon blood pumps into my heart. I feel the beat of the city and it is my
own.’ What’s up with that? Like, how pretentious and ignorant do they have to
be? The view they have of the city’s amazing ’cause they can pay for it –
meanwhile we get our doors kicked down for going out to buy brown cabbage past
the curfew!” A low-toned vocoded murmur assaults my organic eardrums worse than
any nerdcore concert: “You don’t like my poems?” I turn my neck like a rusty
screw. A damp visor displaying a bright yellow ’;_;’. “I. Well. I mean, there’s
a certain positivity in your work that can only exist within a privileged
socioeconomic– Wait. You’re a cyborg. Aw, jammit. I’m so sorry, I–” I can see
him chewing on the inside of his cheeks. “I’m not human, I’m piss poor, but I’m
happy. Is that so bad?” The softly flickering sign of Falstaff’s Pizza Place is
my salvatory light, a neon bible, ascending me out of this social hell.

I feel your circuitry pulsing (what a thrill)

Like a shock I’m convulsing (like I’m killed)

What I’m feeling is amazing (programmed for love)

My electric heart, it’s racing (baby don’t stop)

Twobit speakers are playing Trish Rigs’s latest single, ‘Robot Love feat.
Shinobu the Samurida’ and I’m singing along with tears in my eyes. “Ya, two
pizzas?” asks the waitress bouncing on epileptic rollerskates, doing halfhearted
twirls not even half her heart is in. Exeter is pouting opposite of me on a
turquoise bench, trying his hardest not to pay attention to me or the waitress.
Deciding she’s had enough of waiting, she pops her TONGUE ATTACK FLAVOR BOMB
APPROXIMATION OF MINT-FLAVOR (not real mint) which creates a small tremor at our
table. “JESUS HACKING CHRIST,” is what we both yell before digging into the
pizzas practically thrown at us. “That’ll be 70 hyperdollars, sugar.” I once
again exclaim, “JESUS HACKING CHRIST!” before slamming the table. Exeter looks
frightened. “SEVENTY HYPE FOR TWO PIZZAS? WHAT A BARGAIN, A CYBERSTEAL!” I pay
her with a wink. Literally. She aims her retinal scanner and I lose some chump
change. We continue eating, one in silence, one in song.

“Listen,” begins a condescending femme voice, “we shouldn’t be here. Together.”
“Why not, babe? Our meeting was so intense, it’s only natural to go on a first
date.” His jaw slams shut on a slice of ‘za and violently severs it, the
metaphor winceworthy. “Don’t kid yourself. This is not a date.” He takes a deep,
autotuned breath. “ANYHOW. We were never supposed to meet. But we did. Now I’m
back to square one and I’m richer not one, but three people who want me in a
cooler.” I throw on puppy eyes and a pouty lip; he quickly checks his human
emotions guide, sighs. His visor turns into a frustrated -_-“.

“I want to help you, doll,” I assure him through pizza-filled mouth. “You’re
disgusting. And, what? You don’t even know what it is I’m doing.” “Noooot a
clue, but right now it’s my best bet at survival, escape, and so on.” “I’m being
hunted by a hubristic datadropper and two angry debt collectors.” “Technically
just Caesar. Casino, and Skyscraper just want me. Caesar, too, I guess.” “Oh,
true. We should go our seperate ways, then.” I clasp his muscular metal arm and
stop him from taking another bite. “Nononono babe, please don’t. I’ll help you.
I’m not bad in a fight, and I can cook. Noodles and soup. Oil? I have oil. Do
you drink oil?” “What? No, of course not. I’d die. And calm yourself, Orlando. I
was kidding. Japing. Doing the comedy jive. You can tag along. You have a lot to
make up for, anyway.” I shove a tearstained slice into my sad, quivering mouth,
gratefully. “You won’t regret this.”

“I will, though.” [:S] “Please put on a shirt.”

The writer carves a way out of the chrysalis, writing acts of violence into the
membrance until a big enough plotspace forms for her to fit through. Her tool,
the knifequill – plucked from the plumage of a purgatorial bird – is any
writer’s most trusted possession and the sole proof of their artistry-existence.
Without one, an author cannot escape the silk, coffee shop-shaped pupa where all
writing is mythologised to happen. She brushes slime and crushed material from
her jackcoat with a beautiful, adjectival motion. Modified with many pockets and
loops to hold her small cannikins and vials, the writer is both jailed and
jailor. Her prisoners, homonculi of ink and thought, cannot escape through the
confines of their caffeine containment. Suspended in coffee ground from human
beans, they reluctantly absorb the liquid until it sloshes inside them,
nauseates them.

The cork above is popped off when it is extraction time. All containers have
imprisoned a child of a specific paradigm, and therefore only one may be open at
a time. A homonculus kisses the writer’s knifequill, so she may imbrue the soft,
fleshy writing slabs in front of her with its ichors. Multiple excretions can
mix no problem, but adding the spit of the young white male homonculus to any
other will poison the forming narrative into a boring, existential urban
journey. The created simulacra stay stored inside this organic hub, revisitable
at any time to be altered or destroyed. Murders take place here, daily.

Even outside of the pupa, momentarily freed of responsibility and having to jam
her creative utensils into the mouth of Mammon, the writer cannot enjoy a moment
of respite. She must continue to sculpt facsimiles of non-existent universes
only she can create. She holds a pure white bee between her thumb and index
finger and stabs herself in the throat with its rapier-like stinger. The venoms,
the psychedelics do their work – she is in pain, enticed again to create more.
She scoops up black wax from crystal hives and gorges on it. This is called
‘inspiration’, the sole source of nourishment for writers. Without it, they will
dry up and die a sarcophagus of themselves.

But enough about the creative process. Why does a writer write? For fame?
Individual pursuit of the creative? A book deal? Nothing so lofty as that. She
simply means to pay off her debts. The dynamics between the reader-writer are a
currency, one that pays itself. And the invisible children. Every writer is
visited by them in their dreams, after consuming exactly seven narratives
(surplus ones; the ones eaten for sustenance do not count). Tying a lint red
string around her fingers, the writer is then eternally indebted to the
writelings. Only through steady readership, which the writer in turn binds to
her with alchemical strokes of magic quill, may she pay off her masters. Writing
is obviously neither calling nor hobby, it is an inescapable destiny. Guard your
children from excessive literary consumption, for no parent wishes the fate of
authorship upon an offspring. Pity the names chiselled into the covers of a
book, also known as an ‘anguish tome’. Oh, how they must have slaved every
waking moment into slabbering words, dripping frustration and mania on hundreds
of scared paper sheets.

If this seems surreal and fantastical, that is because it is. The writer exists
not on the same plane as we laypeople. All artists have to suffer for their
work, so this and they can be fetishised by readers. It pays the bills/children.
It is not fiction: an artist is not human! Could a human being, one with
feelings and a life outside of their art, create art? NO! There is no life
outside of their art, you dunderpate! You must deify the artist to the point of
irrecognisability. Grant them not a droplet of humanity in your minds, or
whatever.

And cursed be he who mocks the writer by falsely writing about her, sipping a
cup of coffee and not wearing pants as she listens to a well-known song, tapping
away on a laptop. As if the writer is capable of enjoying her morning like a
person.

This is a story about a bird.

His name is Jonatan, pronounced ‘yo-nah-tàn’, not ‘djohn-nuh-fun’, for that is
the Dutch pronounciation of the name, and we are, currently, on a gravelly,
rural road somewhere in Drenthe, one of the more pastoral, emptier provinces of
The Netherlands. ‘His’, of course, refers to not the bird but the name of a man
the bird has been following around for a while now, a time during which the bird
has become familiar with certain words, including the man’s name, and also with
human intonation, which is concludedly nowhere as melodic and singsongy as that
of birds.

The bird will remain unnamed, as it does not understand the language which it is
referred by, and will not respond to being called ‘bird’, for humans are wont to
call an animal by the name of their entire species, which foregoes the idea of
the individual and assumes it is a human-only thing, to feel as a self. This
bird feels as whole and as individual as an alive thing can possibly feel.
Paradoxically, the bird will remain undescribed; we see this story, this
imagined and animated still-life, through the eyes of the bird, but not the bird
itself, who is a friendly sort, but also a bit slow when it comes to the world,
and cannot understand what a mirror is or that the simulacrum inside of such an
object, in its reflective surface or that of a little pond is, in fact, itself.

Conversely, the man will be described, but with the terms of erudition of a
bird, as it is after all a bird that describes, in the same vein how the bird
can identify and understand what berries are and know the distinctions between
‘nutritious’ and ‘poisonous’ berries, but has little idea of the taxonomical
groupings let alone the organismal kingdom one might belong to. The man has
brown fluff on his head – the bird knows it is his head because he has two eyes
situated in that area, two useful things the bird has, too, and although this
conclusion is presumptuous at best, we shall allow it.

The man, who seems to be dripping something, also wears a plumage or fur of red
– a costume? The bird has witnessed him tearing sections of it into calculated
pieces and makeshift it into something else to wrap around his body, and because
the bird does not take off its feathers while it bathes, it knows the costume
does not belong to him, as it is not a part of him, yet birds do not have the
same understanding of property as humans do, so the question of ownership is
ambiguous. Those are the important things about the man, thinks the bird. It can
see all sorts of minutiae and paraphernalia and miscellany, such as the man’s
continuous dripping, that I could devote the bird’s cognition, my efforting, and
your precious time to, but these are incomprehensible, and not to mention
superfluous distractions.

What caused this bird, who normally belongs to and remains a closeknit part of a
flock of its kin, as most birds are, except for the crow or the rook among
others, who elect to spend their life alone or, quite romantically, in pairs, to
follow a man whose actions, intentions, language (for the most part), and form
it cannot possibly understand? Even were they to communicate, and, in the
confines of a narrative, any two living things might be invented for the
specific purpose of an interspecial chat, it would be a very one-sided
conversation, for the man’s sociability extends only so far as to repeat the
word “Jonatan” over, and over. Perhaps it is precisely this repetition which
caused the bird to take interest in the man, because why, in the unpredictable
tumult and tempest of universes, and the plural was picked over the singular
with a distinct meaning, would anything choose to repeat itself?

But then, why did the bird’s friends, his lovers, his family, not take similar
interest, why is it the sole actor in all of this? That is a hypothetical easily
answered, and before I do, I beg for you to forgive my arrogance, but I only
wished to have this bird and this bird alone to star in something special. The
man, as previously stated, this story is not about. He serves no purpose outside
of this literal bird’s eye-view.

What the bird had not quite grasped is that Jonatan is not the name of the man,
but in fact someone else’s name, and we cannot fault it for its ignorance, for
that is what it is, a bird!, unfamiliar with human anatomy and emotional states,
but we must still give a tiny applause as it knew it was a name at all. As for
the dripping, well done on spotting that, that is a compliment to the bird as
well as to you who wondered about it: it is the slow emptying of the man’s
ichors, blood we might call it, like an opened sluicegate unleashing the
torrential drive of water to be somewhere else all the time, caused by a deep
stab wound. Being in Drenthe, do you remember?, there is hardly any phone
reception – but the bird does not know what this means, but we do, and it means
that the man cannot call for help, and all he can do, all he is doing, which led
the bird to him, maybe he thinks it is an angel, he must be quite delusional by
now, is repeat the name of his lover, which is, as you guessed, Jonatan.

But this is not about the man. All along, this has been a story about a bird.

This place has always been like a haven for me, which is a strange thing to say
about a pizza place. It’s quiet but not abandoned, and pastel pink and blue are
my favourite colours. When you walk by from the outside, it looks like you’re in
a movie theatre, looking at a bright screen displaying a feelbetter-than film. A
good meal and peace of mind seems to only happen in the movies nowadays. And the
owner’s great, too! Falstaff is the only other person on the block who pays
extra for the REALLY OLD THEATRICALS AND SUPER DEAD AUTHORS channel. I know
because the first thing I did when I signed my lease was tap into his TV
reception. (He also has this channel called REALLY OLD THEATRICALS AND SUPER
DEAD AUTHORS (SEXY) but I don’t really want to look at that.) After I’d moved
in, Falstaff visited me in person and gave me a free pizza. I think he said
something among the lines of, “Welcome to the neighbourhood! I pray you soon
feel at home, most comparative, rascalliest, sweet young prince.”

And I did! Him being a cyborg certainly had something to do with it. His metal
face was surprisingly warm and gentle despite having two vertical yellow bars
for eyes and one oval for a mouth. It’s, like, not a race thing, but humans make
me uncomfortable. Anyway, I ate at his place whenever my schedule allowed it,
and he always made sure I was doing okay. He told me once, “I am little better
than one of the wicked, for my pizzas are loved by all! The freshest
ingredients, enjoyed by crook or cop! I do not care, as long as it supplies me
with the monies, so I can keep buying the freshest ingredients!” and he kissed
his own fingers and rollerskated back into the kitchen.

“Mm, you’re a cyborg, right? Shouldn’t you have like, ordered a pizza with, I
don’t know, gears and thermal paste?” The slice I was about to eat slides out of
my hand. It falls face-up on my lap, covering about the same distance as my jaw
unhinging in pure disbelief. I don’t even think my emo-visor is displaying
anything, or maybe it’s incapable of transcribing the stupefaction I’m feeling
right now into any known ASCII. “Oh my god. You have no idea what a cyborg even
is.” The shirtless diletante opposite me, clearly unversed in the ways of basic
respect or empathy, is looking not quite as confused but an honest approximation
of how confused as I am feeling. “You’re like robots, yeah?” I gently scoop up
the fallen slice and almost drop it again at his continued, casual blunt
assault. I can feel the sloshing of hydraulic fluids in my arm so vividly and
clearly, it feels like I Was born with my hardware. Like I Was born to punch
Orlando really hard in the face. I take a deep breath.

>:|

“This is. Not something we chose.” “I’d have loved a robot arm, honestly.” I
take a really deep breath. “Listen closely, morlock. They don’t tell you this in
Bigotry 101, but notice how this is not a clean place? No sunlight, no real
garbage disposal services, not to mention the industrial waste and occasional
radiation hazards. Children are born with problems. Becoming a cyborg makes sure
they get to live. Apparently, live into a life where nobody wants them.” I wipe
the tragic remnants of a pizza slice from my hand with a napkin. For once, they
don’t have a witty comeback and I sure as data hope they aren’t trying to come
up with one.

“Just. Call a cab. We’re going someplace.” They do so, regret in their hazel
eyes, shimmering like the aftermath of a boot mercilessly stomping on a puddle.

I wave Falstaff goodbye. Orlando and I step out into the rain and into a cab. I
hurry out of the cab to pay Falstaff for our pizzas and get back in. We sit in
silence until the car stops at our destination.

Community college.

A copper string is pulled. Elsewhere, she wakes up.

She doesn’t feel like a container, despite the liquids sloshing against her
metal frame. Hydraulic fluids, trace amounts of rustwater, and white oil – the
purest of all – flow through manyfold capillaries and inject her skins with an
inscrutable glow. As an addendum irrelevant to perhaps you and to her as well:
she is not a robot or an ironworks, although there is a glimmer of appeal in
that metaphor. There is, at the very least not within the woolen blankets
covering her copperthread bones, no difference to be communicated between the
untamable organic and the calculated machinery of her gestalt. A different mode
of being, for all intents and purposes. Then, can be wondered, what intents and
purposes does a non-robot live for?

She flinches back; the string was sharper than estimated. Behind her, the stack
of wool vibrates. She’s still a novice, and her fingers know. What was it doing
in her loom, anyway? The woodwork had seen a lot of modifications in the past
few years, but none of them required metal, or allowed it to work metal. Who
would buy a copper tunic, anyway? she thinks, suckling blood from the
orange-hued cut. She notes how it tastes a bit different than the blood she
usually drinks. Thin wool and rolls of velveteen have done quite a number on her
hands in these few weeks, and the only bandages available to her, she has to
weave out of shed cotton. A vicious cycle! Clothcraft was not her premier idea
of work, but manual labour is the only industry that would have her (have
anyone). Not even her tongue, the wisest of organs, could tell the blood tastes
more like a certain metal than before, and why would she (assuming she has no
unusual ingestive habits)?

The job continues.

Her moiraiic digits guide the material through a shifting labyrinth of heddles
and beams. The blood has not stopped. She bleeds. It bleeds along, the loom,
that is, white oil pooling underneath its frame. Damaged she continues working,
expressing a sweet oblivion for the longest sword cutting against her glowing
hands. If only the master weaver hadn’t stepped out to buy more distaffs, they
might point out there are no yarns worked by the frame (or they would fire her
on the spot). But no, her body gestures with the grace and invitation only a
weaver embodies, and the copper keeps on coming – it was never removed the way
it was implied. Although at this point, not even the master, holding a coin
purse with her mispelled name on it – Clotho – could move her. She wouldn’t
recognise the difference between copper and thread. Then, can be wondered, what
is she weaving?

She wakes up, tracing her existence along a single thread, from an ancient
technology to the skinned hands of a novice weaver.

It seems you are having feelings and are at a loss.

To be more precise, you are at a crossroads. A signpost with a couple of askew
planks each pointing in a particular direction, nailed to a wooden pole that’s a
long time past sturdy. None of the arrows fulfill their designated roles of
leading you a destination – pointing unwholesomely into a fivefold of ways where
only fog invites you in. Unpredictability, or something? It’s hard to see; no
more visible than your room at 3 AM, curtains drawn since the morning before, an
unnatural, brightly-lit screen interrogating you. Like the desk lamp of a
hardboiled detective except he’s not the trenchcoated private eye from the
movies/that one weird internet story but actually the friend you really need to
respond to. It’s your turn to talk.

You are reminded of that video game you once played, you forget the name – or
maybe you’re thinking about all of them? ‘If I head down one path for too long,
I have to come back and check out the other paths’. Maybe you’ll find a treasure
chest, conceptualised by a gesture so concrete you’ll have a hard time reading
it wrongly. Luckily, game design has little to do with personal relationships –
although you have caught yourself wishing on a soft breath for a tier system of
some kind. Just, a little counter hovering over their head or heart to give you
an indication of where you are, of what you are. Am I a 2? A 5? You don’t
presume any number higher than that. The chimes of an insecurity echo throughout
the hollows in your head and in your bones, there exists the possibility you may
be imposing. Overestimating how intimate you are (why did you think it was a
good idea to touch them?). Misjudging the topics open for conversation (no one
cares about your headcanons). Blunder at having fun (you killed the convo with
your politics again). Failing to be there for them (you set it to Appear offline
when they logged in). Failed to heal them (the chat equivalent of a shoulder
pat). Those feelings have you at a loss.

The paths go on for a while. You’ve checked out three paths already and backed
down each. Apparently video games have more influence on you than you’d assumed.
Final Fantasy 9 revolutionised traditional turn-based battle systems by adding
the ‘Active Time Battle’ mechanic. So whomever you were engaged with stopped
waiting for you to perform an action – suddenly, they had other things to do.
This was true for you as well. The silence of expecting a reply turned into a
more common silence. In your mind, you replayed every conversation. Every motion
you performed – maybe you hadn’t practiced enough -, the cadence your words
trembled with – too monotonous? -, the “haha” where you could have put a
sentence. Did you fail again? Traipsing down distances of misty paths leading
nowhere reminds you of the lengths that speech has to cover. Of emotional
brambles that have to be traversed and destroyed. A gas clouds your mind, of
where you should lead this conversation, if you should follow through with it. A
continental map of all the what-ifs and but-thens avails nothing without a ‘YOU
ARE HERE’ mark. You turn back.

The fifth path is just as difficult to navigate, treacherous even, as the ones
before. But there’s a glimmer in the distance, a promise of reward for better
than before. It’s your last option, but that just means you HAVE to be rewarded,
right? The fog of war clears and still no outline of a treasure chest, yet you
know this is the right track. The end of the line is still obscured by
come-what-mays but you are no longer a stranger to the lands between mouth and
ear, no longer a tempest of two breaths curving around each other, despairing to
seek a centre. Incessance did not achieve this, neither did inaction. It simply
took time. The unmarked signpost did a horrible job, but you’re glad the fog
invited you in. There is someone standing opposite you. You wait anxiously,
excitedly, for a reply. It’s their turn to talk.

“Whaat? No way, that’s my favourite game, too!”

Your fog dissipates – turning into the steamy aromas of a hot drink. You could
be in your room or a coffee shop in a city you’re familiar with or never have
been before; it suddenly feels very comfortable.

I step out of the cab, my side still hurting from the rondo that took place not
even hours age. The sensation of being full on pizza mixed in with pain makes
for an uncomfortable, undefinable kind of nausea – disgust at personal life
choices? A bad attempt at recuperation ending in regret? Weltschmerz? What
language even is that. That same familiarity, of a word you know how to use but
feels clustered in its origins and how it made its way onto your tongue is a
taste you cannot remember, I’m feeling that right here.

Community college.

I’m familiar with education. Like, I’ve attended classes, approximately. Sorta.
It was on Third Life, in one of my earliest roleplaying groups. It was… very
contextual. I was a teacher, who taught. I taught students. Things. Many things.
Long things. We emulated what we thought was the real thing by equipping school
outfits on our avatars and never took them off. One dude in the group was a
slime puddle? That was a weird lesson, but I liked it. We did research to make
it as authentic as our subscription fees and VR-helmets could allow. We also
found out school uniforms aren’t really a thing outside of smut. It felt sexy,
to contribute to false stereotypes.

Never been to college, though. Or high school. Didn’t have the money, didn’t
have a parent to pay for me either. It’s not something I’m sad about, or
actually know how to feel sad about? Grief is something you learn and I never
got the IM. From what I know, college or any educational institution you’re rich
and lucky enough to get into, it’s pretty good. It teaches you things, how to
think clearly about things you care about. It also gives you more things to care
about, in new, microscopic ways. You begin to love the world in ways and manners
so close to its inner workings, so familiar with the cables underneath your
desk, you are put in an office chair and forced to look at how endangered it
really is. It becomes something you want to, but continuously fail to protect. I
care about surviving and getting my frick on, but that’s not very academic I
don’t think.

“So, love, what are we here for again?”

I glimpse at Exeter. His face, although obscured by that visor (or his visor IS
his face?), still manages to convey cold, distant professionalism. If I were him
— if I were a ‘he’! — the setbacks of tonight would’ve left me sufficiently
distraught to go for the universal ‘hiding in a dumpster’ solution. But this
guy, he’s driven. “Orlando.” His voice splashes against me like the puddles of
rainwater filling the broken sidewalk, pretending everything’s alright. “This
plant is extremely important.” He’s been holding it close ever since we got on
the cab – I haven’t seen enough plants in my life to really know how it’s doing.
It’s alive? I guess? It’s green with bright green leaves. “We’re here to drop it
off. To… make something work.” He looks over his shoulder and at me when he says
that, pausing not with skepticism but with hesitation. He can’t let me in on his
plans, or maybe he doesn’t want to? To protect me? My face flushes at the
thought.

We enter the courtyard, dilapidated and over-strewn with silicons and plastic
wrappers. “So uh, what was Caesar supposed to deliver, anyway? Some kind of
data?” Data barks approvingly. “Yes. Data–” bark “…containing instructions on
how tp sustain plantlife. Flora, as you might imagine, hardly has any chance of
survival in these parts. Seeing as the datadrop went awry and I antagonised not
only my contract but two extra people courteous to your doing, I’m in a bit of a
rush. Not to worry, though–” I can see his visor flicking to a confident :-J. “–
it’s all still in motion.” “This isn’t actually a community college, is it?” I
not so much ask as I flat out realise, my voice inflexed with a similar epiphany
that I might be in over my handsome head. Exeter chuckles. “No. Not at all.”
“Yeahhh, I could kind of tell, doll.” I admire the sudden air of mystery that’s
beset him in the same way fear can feel sexy. He performs an intricate knock on
the tall, shoddy rotwood doors, and I perform a rubbing notion across my torso.
I didn’t even notice how cold it’s gotten. I could really use a shirt. Datadamn,
my nipples are cold.

A door opens to the side: someone picked it up and moved it out of the way in
its entirety. A large man wearing a bandanna of the Angolan flag pokes his head
out of where a door used to be. Sure, it may be ancient history, one that’s
never been taught – I found out Africa exists and is a huge continent by
accident while browsing BBS for ‘cool flags’ – but if a nation has a machete in
its national flag, you remember that funk. “Aye, Exeter. What brings you here?
Next meeting’s not till next week.” He speaks clearly, with a pleasant and warm,
but commanding cadence. Exeter leans in to whisper something and I’m met with
single, sometimes double glances. The man shuts his eyes in a quick thought and
nods.

“Come in. You too, naked man.”

“Person.”

“Ah. Naked person.”

“Thank you.” Once inside, the man, who I assume to be named Hanna going by the
‘Hi, my name is Hanna’ nametag pinned to his pink leather jacket, fits the door
back into place. Tucked into his tailored, moth-bitten slacks is a
one-size-fits-all, soot black silicon bag.

We are not so much welcomed inside as we are forced into the interior a horror
mansion. Like the one in DEATH CUM CYBER ZOMBIES 7: HOUSE OF HORNY HACKERS.
Three people-shapes meet us. Strapped in ill-fitting, violently bright, green
skinsuits, kowtowing in a perfect line a few feet ahead. Their necks are
contorted inhumanly – or even inrobotically -, their oviform faces pointed
straight at us and clearly visible. Or clearly non-visible. No mouth, no eyes,
no nose. But they’re staring at us, facelessly. “uhh, Ex…?” No response. Data
modulates a sad whimper. He’s never been a growler. I’ve never been a fan of
body horror. Especially when it’s real. From the corner of my eye I can barely
glimpse Exeter’s visor displaying a small ‘-_-‘. It seems serene, in a regretful
way. “Exeter. I really don’t like th–” My words become a muffle and a taste of
synthetic filth fills my mouth as a cold, silicon bag is yanked over me. I can
still see the glowing figures through the fibres.

My nipples are still really cold.

“Why am I here again?” Not that I need a reason to be here. In the office of my
first-ever partner. I’m supposed to be working on a case – case fifteen -, but
she said it was an emergency. A single grandfather clock ticks cinematically.

“You ever had one of these?” I don’t know what she’s talking about. Her back’s
turned to me. She’s busy staring out the window, looking at a painting of
thousand colours of gray titled ‘The World’. Wouldn’t even buy you a nice dinner
if it happened to sell. All I can see is a vest covered in claw marks, of
spirits she vanquished when she popped open a bottle of gin, rum, vodka. She
drinks for the thrill, that soft promise of death. And her hair. God, her hair.
A blonde spider web, trapping a collection of antique handguns. Blunderbusses
shoot blanks in panic and revolvers spin for a mercy that’ll never come. Like
flies, they still struggle to escape. If God was still around, I’d pray to Her
to be killed by those furious locks.

There’s something different about her pose, though,  like she’s hurting. Maybe
not physically, but… existentially. “What are you even looking at?” The cold
shoulder. I flash-freeze, taking a while to thaw. “Alright, leaving then,” I
shudder. Though long before I stand up to leave, and years before I even send
the signal to the rest of my body to get up, she fires all seventeen guns into
me and I splash back into my chair.

“Loira, I’m allergic to bullets,” I remind her after I recover from mild
anaphylaxis.

Storms and quakes begin ravaging Neo Noir Dark Noir City as she turns her back
to the world; it whines like a toddler for her attention again. Dangling in her
leftmost hand is a single cigarette. Aruban, her signature death catalyst. “You
know I don’t smoke.” I grab a handful of cigarettes and shove them into my
mouth. She laughs, shattering the window. Her mandibles drip with venom and some
of it splatters on my face, melting it entirely. I put on another face, this
one’s a giant cigarette lighter. “No, DICK–” I weep ligher fluid until she says
my last name too; I am beyond dehydration. “–HARDBOILED. I got this from a
lover, before we even met.” “Who, Annalise?” “Nah, I smoked her directly.”
“Right. Josephita, then?” “Yeah, she gave it to me as a gift – you ever had one
of those? A gift?” I shake my head, tobacco spills out of my ears. An arm creeps
out, grabbing as much as it can before slinking back in. “That’s when someone
deems you worthy of owning more property, right?” I had an easier time solving
my own murder than trying to understand this.

Loira slides over her desk, a rectangular amalgam of plastified men who failed
to please her, and is now sitting on the edge closest to me. Crossing her
skirted legs, a black haze springs forth and attacks my eyes, preventing any
scopophilic descriptions from turning her into a sexual object. I wouldn’t want
her to turn into a sexy cube or triangle because of misogyny, anyway. For the
duration of her entire lower body moving, I take light, patient swigs of
nicotine extract. Three minutes pass and the mist recedes. The first thing I see
when I open my eyes is the digital clock on her desk counting down, currently at
00:05 minutes. Thanks to my male gaze, I now have a deep desire to Fuck it.
Maybe later, though. Her eyes lock with mine; mine begin to sizzle.

She may be old, but she’s beautiful. Five eyes, my favourite amount number of
eyes on any dame, and a chitinous hide like that of a diamond ant, literally.
We’ve been through much. “Think back with me. Remember when you were the
cicisbeo of Noirmaster Rochefort? Attending to his every whim and need for no
reward or pleasure but his? Imagine how he must’ve felt.” “Loira,” I sigh, toxic
fumes escaping my mouths, “I literally cannot feel anything.”  She looks
puzzled, trying to come up with another explanation. Grooves sink into her face
until an unsolvable jigsaw.

“It’s like when someone puts some flowers and box of ammunition on your grave.
To honour your memory, except you’re alive. Well, YOU’RE not, but you’re there
to witness it. It’s like saying, “I’m glad you’re still around”, y’know?”

“What about when clients pay me? They give me money, sometimes they put a single
gold coin underneath my tongue. Some even call me ‘daddy’. Isn’t that a gift?”
Her eyes flicker with the flame of kinkshame. I deeply regret my own cogency and
retroactively remove any and all trace of possessing sexual knowledge. I am
cleansed of carnal sin through the pure fires of kinkshaming. Her jagged tongue
runs along her insectoid lips. “That’s a reward for a service, an action.
Something tangible. A gift is more like a reward for existing.” She tugs at her
suspenders with her thumbs, and I am intimidated by her thumb strength. “It’s
saying ‘thank you’ to an abstract – you dunno how it’s influenced or impacted
your life, but you’re sure as moonshine that it did.”

I shoot an empty laugh, restoring the window to its original form. “Well, thanks
for reminding me no one thinks about me like that.” A hand shoots into my mouth,
shutting me up and destroying many vital organs. “Any brains left in that
knucklehead of yours?” My knuckles retreat timidly. “Can’t fault folk for being
scared to show affection. It’s an expresson of love, after all.” She coughs up a
pint of blood, having said the L word.

The clock on her desk says there’s one minute left. Her eyes shimmer with a sad
gleam. For the first time in all the ages we’ve both been alive for, I have seen
sorrow in her eyes. She turns away from me. The reflective surface of my new
face must’ve confronted her with herself, and she walks towards the window.
She’s had her share of feelings – I know because I felt vicariously through her.
There was a time, a while back now, that I could feel emotions, thanks to her.
All five of them, in fact: two mugs of bad coffee shared in pleasant company, an
empty bus-stop out in the rain, an ash tray with a name crossed out, old scotch
pooling on a tongue, and plaster peeling off a bathroom wall.

But never had I felt sorrow, so neither did she. She had never been sad about
anything, be it about the lurching past or the vindictive present or the
uncaring future. Time flicks us away like cheap smokes, why worry about that? I
ask her that exact question. It ain’t fun when it’s ending, DICK HARDBOILED. She
doesn’t say that: it’s a thought that hangs in the room like a cloud of ash. I
briefly choke on it. “Gifts ain’t just about showing you care. It’s something to
be remembered by, too. Like sneaking your ghost in someone’s trenchcoat pocket.
Everytime you put your hand in, it haunts your fingers and drains into the rest
of you.”

“Loira. I accept.” She laughs. The window stays intact this time, and she tosses
her cigarette at me. It’s slightly crumpled, but it’s mine now, just like that.
“Thanks.” We both say that. We both mean that. Why bother with three words when
just one can do the trick.

The grandfather clock strikes a number – I can’t read analogue – and the alarm
clock hits 00:00. It doesn’t yell, it doesn’t do anything noteworthy. It’s just
completed its function in the narrative. Just like Loira. I stand up and make my
way to the windowsill. Seventeen guns on the floor, but not even a dent in the
carpet of where she once stood. I light my cigarette and take a drag. “What a
shitty view.”

After the woman flung a jewel over the copper wall, she then struck that wall,
recoiling shortly after with a very painful fist, after which two questions
arose. The asker of these questions can be me, or you, or perhaps even the woman
herself, but the mystery of this woman and her actions must yet be solved, can
be solved in two questions. “Why strike the wall?” and “Why is the wall made of
copper?”

One, and not of unequal importance to the next, because we are interested in the
woman and she would enjoy the permittance of recollecting her thoughts. Two,
because a wall is normally not made of copper, as it is constructed with the
purpose to keep safe, and surely there are sturdier materials to use, such as
iron or stone, both nature’s gifts to a mankind undeserving. The woman, forming
a fist around her other fist to lessen the pain in a gesture of irony, also
takes a deep breath. This isn’t fair, she thought. Hounded by events that
transpired minutes ago and will become the present again soon, for the past is a
slow ghost that chucks stones at us while we swim through time, she takes a step
back.

I am very ill, I appoint you as my successor, coughs a young man more than he
speaks, and she swears on the lives of more vitally stable family members that
it is not sputum but chunks of metal leaving his mouth. No wonder, then, that
these words should hit so hard and heavy. She had made it very clear through her
rebellious life up to this fateful moment, leadership is not for her, and
everyone in the village would agree were they present, but seeing as this is a
deeply private conversation, we shouldn’t be here either, shhh, it is but a grim
exchange between a man and an adult but unmatured woman. (Immature is such an
ugly word).

Alas, the line that blood follows, or bloodline, can be used as a noose for
certain families. The recalcitrant woman, Joanna, which means ‘After Joan’, to
explain some naming conventions that do not exist anywhere else, Joan being her
older brother, now dying before her eyes, seconds draining from his face, he
shakes and clasps a jewel into her own trembling hands, a false symbol of
authority. Her rebellion has been one of inaction. There are indeed the active
and dangerous revolt, and the slothful erosure of duty and responsibility.
Though the latter has been effective, because of it, I’m so sorry Joanna, she
holds no influence or sufficient agency to escape this imposition, and in defeat
not seen since Napoleonic days, she runs outside towards the copper wall that
has ended the sea.

Why are you made of copper, Joanna asks the wall but also herself, as it is a
malleable metal incapable of taking on too many burdens. Because copper cannot
rust, answers the wall, no just kidding, it does not!, but regardless of who
answered, it is a solid answer. The wall disappears from an inland weeks away
into a watery horizon no amount of deaths can justify reaching, dividing
presumably water on the other side, as men and beast can take down walls, so
copper was used by the builders of yore as water cannot destroy what it cannot
waste away. A frightening psychological approach to environmental disaster,
though there is still water on Joanna’s side, but luckily that ocean is stilled
and tamed, the sun is glowing inside of the azure.

What lies beyond, Danger, it has been yelled by mongers and whispered by meek,
but the message, Danger lies beyond, has remained the same for how long now,
probably centuries, at least fifty years before I was born, and Her Copper
Grace, benevolent by proxy, protects us from that abstract. Language instills
fear through its vagaries, how can we envision what is left undescribed, how
political, and so what shields our minds from what our minds use to fill up that
empty space? How do we not break down when we break ourselves down, like
barriers, like walls, like a turquoise copper wall. Joanna recoils again.

The blue spot where Joanna punched her pent-up frustrations in has crumbled to
the beach, discomfort fills her like the sand in her sandals. A wave from the
sea on her side soaks her feet, relieving her beachy intruders, replacing them
with panic. The water retreats, cackling as if a jackal, a predator known to
mark its prey, and Joanna drives into the wall again, this time her back to it,
covering the hole as to prevent anyone from seeing it, even though there is
nobody here, we have seen it, shhh, she herself does not want to look upon it.
Hours pass, probably, before she recollects herself. Her raiments, as blue as
the wall and like the skin of a toxic animal, vibrant in colour to ward off
danger, stick slightly and take a moment to release, clinging to that familiar
border, like the knights from longlost myths did, on the other side, as a last
line of defence against monstrosities again left undescribed.

What were they even defending, Joanna wondered, and was reminded of later
amendments to the story where the wall still had a gate and the knights,
duty-bound to protect the weak, ensured the safety of the smallfolk as they fled
detailless dangers, now double in number. Was there land, then, or have we all
descended from fish to be confined to land, the editing invokes curiosity and a
want for quality assurance. She holds her hands in scared prayer and notices,
because they were also planted against the turquoise guardian, that they have
become dyed with the outer layer, the epidermis, the dead skin of a legend; a
toxic blue.

Sick from anxiety and already coughing quite a lot, as she covers her mouth with
her hand, witnessing the colour draining into the rest of her body. She turns
around, not out of volition, but out of reflex, as something taps her shoulder,
her back is still facing the wall. An arm, just as normal and nonthreatening as
her own arm a few moments ago, stretching out from the hole, its owner
obstructed from view, perhaps for the best, holding a familiar jewel. Is this
yours, carries a voice. Before she can respond, before even beginning to claim
her actions, she coughs again. She feels something hard and heavy hit against
the palm still covering her mouth. It is a chunk of metal.

There he is, leaning against a fencepost that’s lost most of its paint. He sees
you approaching, your dress is beautiful and slightly torn at the bottom; he
awkwardly fumbles to slide his phone into his pocket. He looked at it with a
sheepish smile, probably talking with someone as if they were really right next
to him. Standing up straight and straightening his back, his spine loudly
cracking, not because he’s been waiting for ages, but because that’s just what
his joints do, he waves instead of saying your name, he doesn’t know it anyway.

You wave back, a cold breeze tries to put your arm down but you defy the will of
nature herself to greet the boy. A dry and raspy voice wisps from dirty lips,
like apples out too long in the sun, he doesn’t look after himself that well,
his hair is wet and combed, he asks you how your day’s been like every day
before. The sun pokes a hole in you, nearly gone but like a concerned parent
peeking their head over the fence, after the million or more seconds of
instilling life in us, she can’t help but maybe look after us. Your hair, black
or gray or blue, shifts into an orange you saw earlier today.

“I visited the orchard down the road I was always too scared of visiting, it’s
owned by a scary man who wears checkered shirts and straw hats. I think he has a
gun too but that might just be because I want him to have one so that before
today it made sense for me to avoid the place and now I’m actually really brave.
There were apples and picnic baskets and two people on a blanket having a
disappointing time; even though they touched — he spun his hair around his
finger while the other kissed his hand — their bodies were not made for each
other. Like, not a rejection but a redirection. The trees were tall but I had no
trouble climbing them, I couldn’t reach the fruit, though, but from up there I
could peer through the scary man’s window and there was a glass of orange juice
on the table. His son was there and hated the taste but loved the colour so I
guess you can appreciate things in more ways than one? That seems obvious but
it’s true.”

You said all that in less than two minutes. There’s still five minutes left till
the both of you reach the cemetery. As always, you overwhelmed him with things
to say, so he struggles with what to ask about or comment on; not wanting to
upset you by failing to recognise what you think is the most important part of
the story, he hums in agreement with the silence to come. Syke! Joke’s on him,
put there by you, you ask him how his day was. “It was alright. I talked to
someone. I opened the conversation this time. I waited an hour before I did.” It
seems so natural, but you know the responsibility of conversation can be
terrifying. Silence means you can say nothing wrong. You let him know you’re
proud of him, and his heart pumps harder for a small second, and even though he
is alive by all definitions of the concept of ‘possessing life’, he just seems a
bit more of that for a little bit.

He opens the gate to the graveyard for you. You would, not for yourself but for
him, if you could. It has been a while since we’ve been here, you think and say
out loud. The sun has set, not in abandonment but in the warm confidence you’ll
be just fine, because despite all the horror stories that take place in
cemeteries, real and imagined, you’re not frightened at all. Never have been. He
used to be, before you came here every evening. A low mist covered the moss and
crept up the lumbering corpses of trees, a flashlight trembled not knowing where
to shine, an untorn dress getting stuck on the tiny spikes on the fences
surrounding certain tombstones but not others. “We can leave if you want,” you
proposed to him, he pulled a strand of his uncut hair out his dry mouth, “I’m
not afraid”, a lie that died right there after you made a loud noise and he
screamed louder than any sound you’ve ever heard him make. “Ugh, I hate you so
much,” he continued, the second lie that died that night as your laugh put some
more life in him.

The mist has become so familiar to you it can’t be anything else than a blanket
for the resting dead, and the flashlight now goes from grave to grave in his
steady hand. You are beside him, skipping along over the headstones, some have
flowers at the base. “Sooo, is it here,” he asks the second daily question, and
you shake your head, which is a good thing but also a shame, you display perfect
form and balance on names you don’t recognise. “Let’s stop for today,” you tell
the boy you’re glad to know, bored again, aware he’s here to help you. Your
practiced climbs let you up the branches of the barren oaks with ease, his
climbing isn’t as impressive or graceful as yours but he gets there next to you.

“Do you think it’s here somewhere?” “I don’t know,” which is more of a
noncommittal ‘iunno’ behind closed lips than a tragic confession of ignorance.
“If you told me your name it’d be easier.” “I don’t know.” The same. “Would you
recognise it? Your name?” “I… don’t know.” Less of the same. “Well,” he
struggles again with what to say, “I’m sure we’ll find it and there’ll be tons
of flowers.” He pokes a hole right through you.

He looks at you with a sheepish smile, probably talking with someone as if they
were really right next to him.

I just woke up. It is 2:30 in the afternoon. Huge slugs cover my body. I really
need a smoke.

My alarm clock exploded into a million pathetic pieces, lodged in my walls,
formed minefields on my floor, scalpelled my face and surgically reconstructed
it into a dishevelled ‘bed head’. I look like hell. I must’ve hit the snooze
button, with the ashtray I keep hidden in my leftmost pyjama trenchcoat pocket.
My alarm normally keeps the slugs at bay, but last night was especially heavy.
Killed my rival, thereby avenging my own death but failed to solve the adultery
case I was actually hired for. Since then I’ve been feeling an even
greater-than-usual need to remain asleep, fake-dead. Sleep is the cousin of
death and this love triangle has its benefits.

I guess I’ll stay in today.

Stuck in bed, which is just a rusty metal frame – not even of a bed, but a
destroyed mech –, there’s not a lot I can do. Also I’m being slowly crushed by
giant invertebrates. Thankfully, my radio is voice-activated. Two-way models
became standardised after radio hosts were confirmed the loneliest and least
listened-to people. I tune in just in time for a romance drama – lovely piece of
fiction, thank God love isn’t real. Two people in a bed, tangled into each
other. Their molecules pouring into the other’s empty spaces, craving to be
touching but the laws of physics will never let them truly touch. One asks, “May
I kiss your forehead?” The other, “yes.” Continued, “May I kiss your cheek?”
“Yes,” quieter. “Your nose?” A silent agreement this time. No more questions
vocalised, only a hesitant “should I?” bouncing around their unified heads. The
radio shuts itself off. I would cry, if I could feel anything, so instead my
eyes elect to unleash four torrents of pure salt as substitute. The slugs burn
away.

It’s too late to get any work done, I lie to myself.

I make the regretful motion of rising out of bed, unprepared to make my way to
the living room. My foot touches the rug, triggering a chain explosion of alarm
clock-mines. Jettisoned through the door and a cloud of unfair anxiety filling
my apartment, I perform a mid-air stunt for extra points. I crash into today’s
newspaper – the front page reads: “Cereal Thief Caught Red-Handed – The Red Is
Blood, Because We Killed Her Good”. The events play out differently than they
were previously described, now that I’m inserted into them, not doing anything
to help the reenactment. Supposed to act but remaining inert, my entropy is
gone. My will to live, to be alive, my will to be is there, just not right now.
The thief plants a kiss on my cheek and hands me a bowl of Are-You-Okay-O’s
before she escapes, alive, into an alternate reality. Stepping out of the
readjusted headline – “Neo Noir Dark Noir City Suffers Major Breakfast Famine,
Millions Dead Before Worktime :(” – I sit down at the table with my newfound
bowl of cereal.

It tastes like shit.

No obligations today. I’m doing what I want, which is making the day end faster.
I clean my record collection – vaporwave, bloodstep, Mediterranean Housemen
Cleaning Things With A Pink Duster Vol. 1 – 5 -, I rearrange the furniture in my
office to spell out “BIG NOIR MAN” (all caps, New Times Roman), I writhe on the
floor for a couple of hours. My work phone rings, I tell it to fuck off. The
horn slides off the hook, droopy and abused. I sit down at my desk, hands
pulling at my hair, upward, like a noose. No crime, no narrative, no purpose.
But I don’t feel bad about it. I watch cute videos of dogs eating mailmen until
it’s finally night-time.

Still wearing my pyjamas.

I slide into bed like a bullet into the chamber of a dirty revolver. Was this
day a waste? Yes. I did not move myself to perform tasks I am predetermined to
do, those I consider to be at my core. Yet, a rebel loosens his lips to let a
cigarette in, a thought I never thought I’d have: I am not all that? I am other
things. I need to do other things. Even DICK HARDBOILED, existing only by the
grace of the thin, white-gloved hand of narrative and apparently now narrating
in the third-person wow that’s weird, can have a self-care day.

Yeah. We deserve ’em. Goodnight.

“Delilus, grab my coat. We are going to kinkshame the president of the United
States.”

He spoke with such raw, foolhardy resolution that Delilus could not, dared not
to suggest there were other ways, more sensible methods to go about political
furtherance. He obediently took his master’s coat, a lavish, garish thing made
from expensive leathers pissed on by expensive animals including the American
consumer. Although his official function was ‘advisor’, he was never asked for
advice. Other things, certainly, equally-scandalous things, oh yes, but right
now he’d feel uncomfortable suddenly playing the secretary. Turning from the
coat hanger made from the screaming, compressed forms of his boss’ enemies, he
faced him, his patron, his enthraller. The enthrallment spell had long since
worn off, but he liked the financial stability and the thrill this job
constantly provided. He gently laid the coat over his smooth, curved form,
coquettishly stroking his surface with slender, black fingers as he had done so
many times before.

His boss. An ancient, magical orb.

Unearthed from a set of two cardboard boxes in the deepest, most dustiest
shelves deep within the forbidden basement of the White House, he took the
political arena by storm (literally), descending from blood-red skies to
announce he, too, would be running for president, instantly killing most
candidates present in the debate. Neither party was willing to forward a
twelvefold assassin/mythical death orb as their candidate for presidency that
year, but one Democrat candidate managed to survive under mysterious
circumstances, so they won by default. There was little any authority could do,
however, to keep the orb from taking office up in the White House. He may hold
no true political power, but for almost the entire running term now, no one has
been able to set foot inside of the Oval Office without having their body
vaporised, disintegrated, or turned into an avant-garde piece of decoration like
a gaudy coat hanger. No one but his faithful assistant Delilus, that is. Despite
the towering illegality of it all, he has somehow won the hearts of many voters
without overmuch use of fearmongering and mind control. Also, he might become
the second-ever gay president? Which is cool.

“It’s me, Delilus. I’m calling to confirm the president’s location – is it still
in the Pentagon? Right. Thanks.” Delilus slams his magenta flip-phone with an
impressive show of force, destroying it completely. He takes out another
flip-phone, cyan this time, from his suit pocket and dials to arrange for a
federal transport. “Goddammit Delilus, we’ve no time for your horny hijinks. We
can’t wait for your ‘escort service’ to show up, we have a president to
kinkshame.” He seems cunning, ferocious. Determined. He has a plan. His antique
circuits, lost to the understanding of history and science, make a revving
sound, that of papyrus rapidly torn by a hacksaw. A fierce flash of red blinks
from his oculus and the Oval Office fills with force and light. The dust
settles, stacks of paper float cinematically through the air, the presidential
bobblehead collection vibrates at a speed approaching that of light.

Eagles begin to sing. The pungence of apple pie fill the room. Who needs a
second amendment anymore, when you’ve got…

//ＯＲＢ   ＣＡＮＤＩＤＡＴＥ   ＭＡＲＫ   ＩＩ// Ｈｅ   ｉｓ   ｓｏｍｅｗｈａｔ   ｂｉｇｇｅｒ   ｎｏｗ

“Get on me.” He commands Delilus, raw sexual static exuding from his new, shiny
metallic frame. The assistant agrees, putting away his phone by crushing it in
his hand. A single, long tear exits his eye as he climbs on top, crystallising
into a beautiful tattoo. They burst out of the Oval Office; structural damage be
damned, these boys are on a mission! The detritus spreads far beyond the rusty
gates of the White House, the great American bloggers, modern scavengers for the
ruined cities, will thank him in the years to come for supplying them with the
aesthetics they so desire. The two race through the American badlands en route
to the Pentagon, dodging rockets and hailfire from other opportunists. Delilus,
ever the prepared, grabs a rocket launcher from his suit pocket and retaliates.
A pair of J. F. Rey Sunglasses jettisons from the flaming carcass of an
unfortunate political pundit, nestling perfectly on Delilus’s perfect face.

They arrive at The Pentagon, an evil fortress surrounded by an impenetrable
mist. All presidents must go there to have sex in utmost secret. Right now, it
is a battlefield; news reporters, police officers, and other forms of men locked
in mortal combat for the right to penetrate inside and uncover its dark secrets.
Politicians evade the combat zone with a slickness equal to their false
promises. Understand how the nepotism of American politics works: don’t
kinkshame with your cohorts. The key to becoming a politician is to pluck a
single fruit from the tree of holy promise, tell the hungry grandstands that’s
all there is, and offer the rest of the tree’s spoils to officeholders who will
proceed to fuck them underneath their bureaus. Not to do them a kindness and
statisfy their needs, but to catch them in the act when you’ve waited long
enough. Bursting through and dissipating the Pentagon’s enveloping mists, they
strike deep into the innermost chambers, the burrows where kinks lost to time
and sexuality still exist, our heroes arrive at such a scene.

The president, in all their naked glory, on a purple bed, against a background
of a brightly-lit American flag, fucking an ancient, magical orb.

“Jesus H. Christ, my own goddamn brother.” Delilus grabs a fake prop hand from
his suit pocket and covers his eyes with it. “Did you forget so easily, Orb?”
The president stops their lust and turns to face the would-be kinkshamers. “You
and Globe were always a pair — there were two cardboard boxes after all — How
else did you think I survived your first day on the job?” They laugh,
sinisterly, left-handedly. “Oh, I’ve always known.” “What?” “I just wonder what
the people think of having an Orbfucker as their president.” Having been
deprived of its defences, the naked Pentagon is stampeded by press persons from
all stations. With nowhere to go and trapped in their own patriotic sex chamber,
the combined flashes of their cameras and the puritanical cadence to their
shocked screams assault the president like a powerful laser blast from a hero’s
hands.

The President of the United States, purified in the holy light of kinkshaming.

“Delilus, remove my coat.” Delilus proceeds to do so, also removing his own
eyewear and placing both inside of his suit pocket. His thick eyebrows are
arched quizically. “A wonderful scheme, sir, but I have to know… How did you
know now was the time?” The hovering orb rotates to allign its oculus with
Delilus’s beautiful brown eyes. “Well, Delilus, that’s what family is for.”

From the purple bed, another, ancient magical orb, turns to the camera and
winks.

I was about eighteen when I discovered I could charm people with my voice. A
short man came up to me and offered me a career in showbiz.

“This. This is what the people want,” he assured me with spit in his voice,
something about it sounded infinitely more evil than what mine was capable of.
“I’ll call someone to clean things up here, we’re heading down to the studio.”
That was actually the first time I had been in a car, yeah, never had to use my
bicycle for anything again after that day. I didn’t have the money for a car or
even something with an engine. Or didn’t need one, rather. I’m from a small town
– only one paved road, cobblestones. The rest was all dirt roads, probably still
is. We, my brother and I, we had this wheelbarrow and we’d take turns sitting in
there and driving each other across fields of grass. So, no, nothing fancy like
the big city. It was Simple, natural, but not in a primal way. It felt like gods
were still around. Nothing like the city. I’d seen pictures before. I thought
they were frightening, loud. They looked loud. I had to know the name of my
capital, used to chant it to myself like I was warding off some type of beast.
It scared me. The city – singular, there was just the one back then – it was a
beast to me. Later, after my town got drunk on my singing, I found out it was
actually the lair of the beast.

So cut to me, held hostage in this moving thing, too scared to say anything. I
remember the smell, more like a pungence, that of leather and nicotine. Two
processed, man-made things. Peculiar, isn’t it? Animals and plants killed,
mashed, repurposed into unrecognisable dead things, simulacra of nothing we’ve
ever seen before that we think of as stylish. It all felt very artificial; a
pantheon to Dionysus in the back of a limo. The short man in front of me kept
smiling at me while cracking his knuckles. Not in a boxer kind of way, but just
as violent: fingers bent perpendicular to the palm. Joints popping in rapid
consecution, like a flock of angry crows pecking into Prometheus, both fed up
with the tedium and grown accustomed to the savagery of it all, deciding to go
for his ribcage instead.

Not that there were any gods around, the temple we were driving in had long
since been abandoned. I looked out the window, wondering if the street lanterns,
the neon signs, the flaming skyscrapers, all those lights in a great, dark
outside, were gods. Turns out anything electric facilitates disaster and sadness
really well. Bukowski would phrase it like, “we seek refuge in the lights, but
they only cast attention to how much darkness there really is,” or something
similarly silly.

“You’re gonna make it big here, kid,” he again assured me with that watery
voice. You’d drown in his voice, not in a romantic sense, you’re left to the
saltwater wrath of Poseidon, a sad god terrorising coastal hamlets because
Athens chose Athena over him. My producer talked with a cigar in his mouth, his
left incisor stabbing into the wrapper like a hunter and his knife carving into
game, drool cascading from his bloodshot lips to suggest that man was the real
beast after all. “That voice of yours, you’re a song that’s never going to
stop,” he unsheathed his cigar and twisted it into the skin of beasts he was
sitting on. ‘The way skin melts’, the title of my debut album, came from that
awful moment.

I remember signing a contract “who can I be now?”, I remember singing, “can you
hear me?” I remember thinking, “help”, My producer, pale, shiny, reflecting the
fluorescent lamps, blinding me with secondhand light, he looked like a promise,
he aimed a microphone at my throat and that was the start of my career. My first
album sold well. People listened to me because they needed something new,
something exciting, something that’d stopped them dead in their tracks. I was
happy to provide. My first live concert, I pulled a sweet young thing up on the
stage and sang for him. Held his body in my arms for the rest of the gig.
Flashing cameras didn’t scare me like the streetlights hadThen came the
interviews, autographs, parties, signing deals, I don’t remember what names I
wrote down on any of my contracts. ‘Myself’ became a scribble, me a concept.

Water and meat was all I ate, was all I needed, really. I fed, sang, and slept,
and it was good. Not much time ever passed between recording albums. We kept
contracting new musicians, seeing as the old ones died working with me. It also
eliminated the critics; people just… knew my name was good, whatever it might
have been at any point in time. I was Orpheus gone right. He walks on ahead,
unafraid of turning back, Eurydice is waving farewell and turns around herself.
Everything behind faded into obscurity. I was a young american in Los Angeles
and could not be stopped, although I had to be. I became used to the lights, to
my producer’s drownage voice, to this lair, I could feel my own chains. I was
worshipped but not like a god. People chanted my name like warding off some type
of beast.

Then I heard my own music. I stopped dead in my tracks. Like Orpheus I turned
around and saw myself standing there, looking like shit.

Thanks for the interview. Please let me go.

I tried to drown but it couldn’t happen.

That, uh, sounds really dramatic. It kind of is, though. I mean, water is
probably in the top 5 liquids of things that kill people the most. It’s like,
fire. But wet and good for you. Definitely not something you want in your lungs.
I found out in the dumbest way possible too, not respectable beginnings to the
immense caliber of the superpower ‘cannot drown’: I put my head in a fishbowl.

Yeah. It was at Ayleen’s party – I had a crush on her. We’d been sorta-friends
since we started high school, accidentally became part of the same group I hung
out during the breaks, and I’d decided that day I would confess to her. Fear and
premature regret, my favourite things to feel for 24 hours straight. I’d asked
her friends what my chances were. They were, in hindsight, very much pitying me,
so weren’t too truthful. That’s fair. Who even asks strangers over MSN, hey,
“does she like me?” So that night, I’d combed my bangs, dressed myself as
someone who didn’t listen to five classic rock bands max, and continuously
failed to pose myself in cool and natural ways around her. Needless to say, I
had maybe one conversation, Jan, of course, before I felt really good about the
bad sides of myself. So I did what any hopeless romantic would do and terrified
their crush’s goldfish into cardiac arrest. It didn’t impress her. Also, I
couldn’t get the bowl off. So those were very embarrassing, very panic-filled,
water-filled last 30 seconds of my life.

Sixty seconds. Two minutes. Five minutes? Drowning shouldn’t last that long, I
thought, and also someone at the party said, casually sipping a vodka-chocolate
milk mix drink. Gross. “Shouldn’t you be, like, dead right now?” Yes, I blubbed.
“Should I, like, get like, a sledgehammer?” “They’re still alive, you idiot.”
“Do you have any better ideas?” A crowd formed around me and remained
uncomfortably still. The radio installation was playing Rage Against The Machine
way too loudly, though I wished loud enough to break the glass. It was getting
cramped in there. They were staring at me, holding drinks, holding phones,
holding hands. It was nice to see couples still form under strenuous,
slightly-surreal circumstances. But they all just kept standing there, scared of
withheld actions they’d told themselves would make things worse. They didn’t
want to risk, I don’t know, breaking my neck or smashing my head in on accident.
Only acting in prevention when it’s already too late (and then not even),
instead of stopping the bomb from having to explode at all, that’s not helping.
It’s not healing. People ought to be more careful for others, full of care I
mean, outside of moments of crisis, into the life inbetween events.

“The tragedised one will not die.” That sounded like truth, but it didn’t sound
like it had come from the circle of silence. But what did I know, I had a
fishbowl over my ears and a dead goldfish in front of my face. I looked around,
then I looked down. It wasn’t like I’d suddenly shifted between realities, or
was looking into deep space, beholding the pillars of creation with stardust
glittering my eyelashes. I could simply feel something overlapping. “The
observant one noticed. There is no need to speak.” So there wasn’t. “The drastic
one must go on with life. For reasons the surviving one does not need to know.”
Well, okay. “In time, the necessary shall be made clear to the al–” I gasped for
air, longer than I’d ever before, just, savouring the feeling of being alive,
there’s nothing quite like it and nothing can one-up it. I accidentally inhaled
Ayleen’s pet. I had meaningful eye contact with her, the girl of a single dream,
holding a small axe. “Uh. Thanks for saving my life(?)” and, instinctively, I
stormed out of the party. Left my coat and everything, to go freeze my ass off
covered in corpse-soaked water, some plucks of seaweed, and pieces of an
underwater castle in the coldest november in Zoetermeer we’ve had in years.
After three minutes of ugly sobbing and hideous running, terrible form really, I
barfed out the fish in a ditch. She’d told me his name was Crash Bandicoot.

Thankfully, it was the last year of high school so it was almost time to never
talk to her or anyone remotely involved in that social stratum ever again,
something I still don’t regret. There was still the matter of my little escape
of dying – I dismissed that miracle, a show of God’s labour and decided it was a
more occultic intervention. I had ‘satanist’ as religion and Post Office as
favourite book on my Facebook profile back then. I wanted to meet that devil,
wanted to know it better. Besides, I was probably preordained or something?
Every morning at 7:30, I spent way too long under the shower, my father always
yelling “get out of there you’re wasting water” at 7:40, trying out new and
exciting ways to fit the shower head in my mouth as to effectively drown myself.
That didn’t work, also had to explain to my dad what the hell I was doing when
he pulled aside the curtains after the twentieth time. “I was cleaning my
insides. From all the drugs I take. Haha.” I wasn’t lying but it seemed
unbelievable to him back then.

A good observer has probably figured out by now that I needed to look into water
for it to take effect – I say ‘it’ as a halfhearted attempt at reification. For
most of my seventeenth year, I shut myself in my room, there’s no lock on my
door but I don’t think I would’ve used it either way, staring into a bowl filled
with water. Hi, I blubbed into my tupperware fetish. The ghost amulet, not the
other. “The curious one returns. The ritual scares not.” Devil – I named it
Devil – was right; I guess it really didn’t. Drowning myself wasn’t an action
that felt dangerous, extreme, irregular. What was unknown to me, this ultimate
hollow in a limestone cave of sort-of’s and yeah-true’s, had to be explored no
matter what. Death could be a corollary, but honestly, that’s what makes it so
interesting. Thinking about death, what I’d be like if dead, if not, makes my
heart funny. Excited. It cannot be known, and once known, that’s done. It’s not
a mission, though, just a short, abrupt stop to a life of cool vagaries.

“The unwavering one wants to know more,” Devil told. Yes. It didn’t tell me, it
just stated the obvious. I couldn’t see it, but it was there, against the
plastic bottom of the bowl. It wasn’t really anything, like, conceptually not.
It was the word ´no´. “Water holds light, as does any other existence. But light
in water becomes lighter, fluttering. Water holds light and light carries us
like a basket. We toil in the immeasurable, unmeasurable currents of water. Like
the basket’s grasses, interwoven, stitched together to form a vessel. We see
what light does, not what it is. In similar vein to that, you see what water
does, as well as what it is. What it is the water does, you do not want. So we
come.” Uhhhh. “You do not need to know what that means.” You are absolutely
right. “You are the special one. There is nothing we ask of you.” Okay. “The
alive one simply needs to keep alive. You can do that.” I… suppose so.

That happened in probably the most painful, distressing, depressing time in my
life. I wouldn´t have minded drowning back then, being dead, but not dying was
the best thing that´s ever happened to me. Even when I came back to visit, Devil
wasn´t as present as before. It was still ´no´, but whatever it was a rejection
of became distant enough for it to fade away with it. I´m talking about dying,
maybe? I’m not sure myself. This is my confession, from me, the writer, to you,
the dearest reader, in deep trust, faith, and intimacy. This is a woeful,
tremendously bad end to this story, which is also a thematic and stylistic mess,
but I’m sure you can forgive me. I’ve forgiven myself for who I was and became
better than them. I kept being alive and it was worth it. That’s the morality
here.

So, as a little Devil in the water in front of your eyes, be it tears or
something worse, I ask of you to keep being the alive one. Have mercy on
yourself. That’d be cool of you, for you.

There are two words intrinsic to the tracks

Not ‘departure’ and ‘arrival’; too mechanical.

Coal in the engine, ink of the blueprints,

dead signs sneer above meaningless destinations.

Be on your way now, you’ll find nobody here

Nor the two ‘farewell’s severing a connection

like wagons uncoupling: were we ever a pair?

The conductor hides his lies, tips his hat;

the question leaves the station

the answer drowned out with a whistle

What about ‘leaving’ and ‘staying’? One left behind,

tears trail from second class to your cheek.

the sunset limns her hair, the sun sets with her.

The train has left; you’ve nothing left of her

Yet the station thrums with laughter and speech

Maybe a stranger pair: ‘waiting’ and ‘hoping’:

if only the train would speed up, to hell with safety regulations!

howls your desperation to be there, damn this isolation

inside a train that smells of separation, like the tracks

could diverge at any second. He could leave at any second

But petrichor is the scent of what’s been done, not what is to come.

The water what has become the rain has a purpose,

it’ll put out a fire somewhere, or lessen a thirst (of open-mouthed children

sheltered within the shade)

nothing obliges the water to always rain on your parade

The conductor smiles, “depart for arrival,”

His farewell, a knowing half-truth, he tips his hat.

Leaving is heading for wherever you’ll stay,

hope is knowing you’ll get there, perhaps on the next.

(there’s more than that one melodramatic train.) Just wait.

There’s really just one word intrinsic to the tracks,

to the station, too. Nothing drastic, definitely more mellow

than most would think.

Step out of the train and meet her eyes.

There’s no “goodbye”

only “hello”

“So, let me get this straight. I’ll have to pretend to be his assistant, go
along with everything he says, and… my name is Tonto?”

I can barely make out the slightest of nods from my director. Having a boss who
belongs to an alien race that can barely speak human or non-verbally is cause
for a lot of embarrassing miscommunication. I look down at my Translation Buddy
(Wrist Edition)™ – ‘Your Translation is 100% Correct According to Us, The People
You Gave Your Money!’ flickers in bright green lettering. I crack my neck,
strained from looking up – having a boss who is also an alien that is 90% legs
and then 200 cm of the stuff makes for exorbitant chiropractic bills.

“Well. Okay. When do I start?”

“Outside. Vehicle. Now.”

A pneumatic tube bursts through the ceiling and sucks me and the concrete dust
up before I have a chance to protest or take my allergy meds. Ugh, you’d think
working for an alien ambassador attaché-company wouldn’t trigger my concrete
intolerance. I slide into a new outfit – slightly grateful I started narrating
myself, no more narrators doing creepy voyeuristic descriptive passages – and
pop out in front of the building, looking like an official. The most official.
Progenitrix of all officials. I feel good about myself despite, no, AND my
clogged sinuses.

Then, a cold like the sixth ice age creeps over me. A near-transparent shape
wearing a tailored business suit folds itself across my frame, a shimmering
light opposite of the sun’s noted warm properties.

“Mr. Ra’anger, I presume?”

“Yess. I have entered your perssonal sspace, as iss a cusstomary greeting for
earthlingss. I know thiss well.”

The icy figure distances itself from my body, preventing hypothermia in the nick
of time. He doesn’t bother to speak English, instead speaking his own cold,
slurred language, I can’t authentically produce those arctic fricatives, really
have to melt your s’s. I readjust my business buckshine dress. The vehicle my
boss mentioned is parked here — it’s one of those expensive hovercars, with a
meteorological lab in the back to reduce greenhouse gases and a hip pine-scented
car freshener. It’s also got a vanity license plate; it reads ‘FROSTBOY’.

“Welcome to earth, sir.” I extend my gloved hand.

His outline wavers quizically. “I know of your cusstomss, but worry not. I do
not require an offering today. Keep your appendage, tonto.” He phases through
the frame of his car to lounge on the backseat and opens the door on the
driver’s side from within. “Where to, sir?” I look at him through the rearview
mirror — he doesn’t actually have a reflection, so I take the time to fix my
eyeshadow, ‘Cygnus X-1 Black’. “Tonto, your Stupid Earthling planet, it needss
my help. It iss why I am here. Normally I can fix a planet her problem on my
own, but today requiress… a native touch.” “That’s vaguely racist, sir.” I sigh
deeply, inhaling the neo-mint pheromones, relinquishing my nose of snotty
imprisonment; I am immediately whelmed by the chilling pungence I was apparently
previously spared from.

“Your society is entrenched and engaged in highly illegal criminal outlaw
activity. People you would call kin are hoarding your primitive value tokenss,
taking them from anyone, never sstopping their collections, sstoring them in
ssecure vaultss, never sspending it. Ssuch missuse of…” He begins to flicker in
frustration. “I believe the brutish, ugly, Stupid Earthling word you’re looking
for is ‘money’, sir.” “‘Money’. Yess. Ssuch blatant missuse of ‘money’ cannot be
allowed to perssist. I have a much better ideal for thiss money.” “In my Stupid
Earthling advice, sir, banks are legal,” I say with clenched nose; the stench is
there again. “Tonto,” he lets out a sigh this time, freezing the back area of
the car, shattering most meteorological equipment, “thiss is why you need my
help, and thiss is why I am offering it. Press the button on the dashboard, the
car will take uss there.”

I proceed to do so. We blast off towards Sky Vault, putting out a trail of acid
clouds that disintegrates the city below. Oh well. We spend the ride discussing
the differences between our planets, and how my perceptions are wrong,
obviously. “It is a tesstament to your laughable military how you allow the
earth to grow into your territoriess… These ‘treess’, they are invaderss!”
“Actually, sir, they provide us with oxygen, which we need to live.” “Symbiosiss
with the enemy? Truly pathetic…”

Diplomatic privilege allows us to skip the 637,991 hovercars waiting in front of
us, and we arrive. Gargantuan holographic billboards display the current owners
– a bunch of old, white, human males, even in the future the earth parodies
itself. The Vault only opens when the scanners confirm you’re a registered
member. You have to somehow get inside somehow to become a member of the bank.
It’s quite the conundrum. “So, how will we take over the bank?” I say slightly
nervous as the scanner enacts its scopophilia on me. “Leave that to me, tonto.”
“Okay, sir. But what do you plan to do after we’re done?” “Why, put the money
where it belongss, of coursse.” The scanner beeps in error, the sudden stench
having reappeared to tear up my eyes, jeopardising the recognition algorithms.
After three more tries, it works. The heavy steel gates, the pearly gates but
molten and remolded after heaven was conquered, open with a thundering creek.
“Wait here, tonto.” Ra’anger wafts inside, glowing menacingly, smelling
deceptively.

I take the time to consult my Translation Buddy (Wrist Edition)™ – I haven’t had
the time to figure out what the hell ‘tonto’ even means. A cute robot voice
explains

Noun- tonto ‎(plural tontà)

Stupid Earthling (of course!) (obsolete) Proud, native warrior, a knight (aw)
One who is easily deceived (what) The smell disappears, and the noise of static
permeates through the skies and my skull. I look up, look around, and look at
the billboards. They’ve changed. Broadly displaying a near-transparent, icy
shape wearing a tailored business suit, holding a jute bag with the
double-dollar ($$) emblem on it. “Under new management. Ra’anger alone now owns
all your moneys.”

The end credits roll but it’s all his name.

Thursday evening. Streetlights outside are flickering in a way that isn’t
particularly interesting anymore. It was remarkable at first, how they turned
the night on and off in that particular road you overlook from your window, you
stood underneath one and had a friend take some pictures, one of them turned out
really good and you’re using it as your profile picture, but now you’re just
lamenting the poor state of governmental involvement in infrastructure or basic
electrical maintenance. You mentioned something symbolical to her like, ‘of
course gov’t wants to keep the darkness in our lives, keep us scared’ and she
responded with ‘lol’ (why did she say that out loud). Not that the view is
particularly instilling of fright and dismay, but you like to purport
noncommittal lies like that, to comedic effect or just in general. Watching that
lantern from your room is what you’ve resolved to doing tonight, under the guise
of “there’s nothing better to do (yes there is but i just want to be uninvolved
with my own life)”. But! You’re not feeling sardonically corny enough yet to
draw parallels between those streetlights and your life.

Darkness will come, but not right now.

Thursday evening. You forgot how the view was from the roof terrace. And you
kind of hate it? Financial stability is already a tough scale to keep in
equilibrium – on one pan your income and on the other EVERYTHING YOU HAVE EVER
BOUGHT AND WILL BUY WOW THAT’S A LOT OF STUFF – and this cool ass house location
is not helping. Is there some black market vendor who sells readymade custom
roofs, ‘Cool Roofsman’, maybe some of the people here is this mystery merchant
of your destiny, but you don’t recognise any of them. That’s what you get for
disappearing right after high school, you guess, but at least you managed to
stay in touch with at least one other person, hence the fact you’re here.
They’re younger than you. Look at those children, they’re probably afraid of all
sorts of things just like you are. When they’re older, they’ll be strangers and
alone, and completely in their own company. For some reason, you want to be
there for them, help them through days, give them years to live, whisper them a
song, make their summers alright, but it’s hard to do all that before the end of
this mutual friend’s party. Also, you really need another drink because goddamn
you’re not feeling comfortable here. Standing around with a drink in one hand is
alright, but being left alone with your own thoughts at a party is, well, being
left alone with your own thoughts. Cause for a distraction. Maybe one day you’ll
be holding someone’s drink in your other hand, because they had to go to the
bathroom real quick, and you’ll feel less like furniture, less like a flickering
streetlight.

That’s how it will go, but not right now.

Thursday evening. You’re climbing to the top of a hill, the city is so far away
now, you can see that the streetlights haven’t gone out yet, so you’re not
running late, not that you’re running, you lazybones, but it’s getting late.
You’re wearing a scarf and your glasses and a blue jacket you forgot you owned,
and it actually looks really good on you? That’s surprising, but in a refreshing
way, a way that makes you feel good, confident. You’re getting closer! The sound
of a guitar, finally the years of learning the guitar paid off, it’s an Em7
chord, then a G, oh my god is this Wonderwall, is someone already playing
Wonderwall, is this literally happening, ahahaha oh god, and you’re inside.
Everyone’s waving at you, so does the guitarist, thank fuck he stopped, you hate
his plaid pants, and then they’re all shouting your name. Glasses are raised,
you get one of your own, and the joke that’s made is the best joke you’ve ever
heard. There’s conversation, dancing to strange music, and conversations about
strange music, maybe some other weird combination, too. Luke hands you his beer,
“we’re celebrating all of it!,” and disappears into the bathroom. You smile,
you’re on the roof, a roof of stars and moons above you, and then I came in, and
we’re looking at each other, the streetlights are as far away as they could be,
and we talk, it’s just magical, a conversation that is just back-and-forth
incantations. We are wizards trying to one-up each other but that will never
happen, and the magic will never stop. Still.

The quiet will come, But not right now.

There is a young man slouching his way over the sidewalks. His back is notably
hunched and his eyes, could we see them, for they are covered by black bangs
overdue for a haircut, are outlined with the eyeliner of life (the life in
particular is a very self-destructive one): the eyebags. From this we could
infer that he is having a bad day, received some bad news, perhaps his favourite
TV-show took an unexpected narrative turn he’d rather it hadn’t, we could spend
time and word count thinking of anything that would’ve given this a-postured
adonis a negative emotional reaction, but the truth be told as it is written: he
isn’t sad, bitter, somber, or lugubrious at all. Not quite the opposite, but he
is feeling relaxed. He simply decided that nothing matters anymore and this
apparently includes his physical demeanour. He is humming along to the buzzing
in his unironed shirt’s chest pocket. His boss probably, or a coworker who has
been instructed to by the selfsame boss, for employers are deceptive,
mistrusting creatures, who would use unwilling thralls to investigate if you’re
not feigning illness or do not actually meet the agreed-upon, acceptable
conditions for missing work. Neither party (the second one is you, the reader!)
will know, because the man simply keeps walking and keeps humming.

“Now nothing matters anymore, I can do whatever I want. Which is nothing. I want
to fill time with my body as if it were a space, and nothing else. There is my
existence I owe obligations to. There is nothing to be ashamed of doing or not
doing, but I would like to exist minimally. That seems reasonable,” chuckles the
young man underneath his dark bangs, obscuring his sight, the path to
self-awareness of his own refreshingly simple naivety, and also the path he is
currently lolling on, which we can assign as the direct cause of the physicality
about to occur.

“UWAGH!!!!”

“You have bumped into me, you villain!! That is a direct challenge, you cannot
refuse me or the pain I am about to deliver!!! Onto you!!!!” A loud voice and an
aggressive stance fill the streets, glass is crackling as if frozen, cracks and
fissures are forming in the stone, energy waves are forming underneath her feet.
That isn’t what is happening at all, but given the mystery woman’s proclivity to
flair and dramatique, it may as well be! Her sports jacket does suggest a
certain assertivity, but she is also wearing a knee-length skirt, which
disrupts, dispurposes the image we had so precociously built for her.

“Is that so? I do apologise — it is quite serious, I concede. If you believe
your reasons just, I have no qualms to make,” smiles the young man back. He has
no real attachments to his body, so gracefully he accepts his punishment, his
relationship with pain is an odd one, there are times he has expressed desire
for violent death, but only ironically, not true at all, all the while using the
rhetorical device to uphold the surreptitiousness of his masochism. He is quite
the unintentional elocutionist.

Her hand goes up, and her chop is about to CLONK! him in the head, technique and
style are emanating from each microsecond of movement! But then a television
broadcast interrupts this balanced exchange, they are standing in front of an
electronics shop after all, and if you must know, the ‘UWAGH!!!!’ came not from
either of them, but from a set displayed in the window, it coincidentally showed
an episode of the series the man might have been upset about, which is very
slapstick.

“This is a news broadcast. We are so sorry to take up some of your time. There
is a small meteor storm headed your way. Sorry.”

“Well, that’s quite troubling, I would say that, had I not decided that nothing
matters anymore.”

“Do you think so? There is so much we don’t know that is so lovely.”

“I’d rather it not be so covert, then.”

The girl moves her fist beneath her sturdy chin and begins to shake her head
rapidly up and down, like an earthquake showing its understanding of concepts
such as materialism and personal property and how detrimental they are to the
human condition. But not vibrating at a sufficient Richter scale to make the
nuance show up on the panicking geologist’s seismograph to suggest it also
comprehends we still need conceptually bad things, simply because they offer the
most direct solutions to our complicated struggles. And how can we blame her,
for not knowing the exact condition of this young man’s psyche and ideology?
They had only just met and their first interaction could very well have ended in
manslaughter, we don’t know the girl’s strength, maybe neither does she, but she
empathises with him, an empathy born of pity. She rather enjoys the world and
its constant excitement, the yelling of everything happening on earth, the
thrums of the universe and the echoes of life reverberate throughout her chubby
frame, every moment she spends is great, every kiss she shares with her
girlfriend is bliss, if only this young man could see that, too.

She looks up, literally and expression-wise, and implies for him to do so, too.

“Isn’t that just the loveliest thing you’ve ever seen?”

“Oh! I guess you’re right.”

Sappho’s fingers draw my face

words from your mouth like

rain, bountiful harvest,

a mud slide

You, quiver on my back

I draw from you and

shoot, never kiss them once

a mere tool

You let me know

When you were empty,

then I was empty

I have died

thanks to you

thank you

1 – I must hurry. I must run.

2 – This settlement I have built is where I call home. It is where I rest, it is
where I prepare, it is where I receive our guests. Our huts and wells blend in
with the high hills and treacherous peaks of the Peloponnese as perfectly as ink
drying on amphorae. Bustling in its simplicity, wrested free of reason and
purpose; divine, man, and titan could share and sleep on the same straw beds. If
only we hadn’t known the terrible wars that split us all into enemies of
history. Perhaps even the hundred-armed hekatonkheires could sink as deeply into
the mountain spring as I have, were it not that their size obsoletes them of
comfort. I chuckle to myself, the hot waters draining my skin of wear and wound.
I shake my leather flask, urging my handmaiden to pour more drink.  The decanter
– never cracking because a god’s craft will never break – spills its content for
my content. The fairest nymph of the Amnisodes tilts the ceramic with a grace
her father never had possessed, which I tell her. She smiles, “Plato speaks only
of the virtue of love between men. How high must his hubris reach, then, to
never speak of the comfort between women?” “We have seen it from Olympus,” I
assure her, she smiles more.

3 – “Have you even read his works?” Her voice echoes throughout the bathhouse.
Against the pearly marble, only our dark skins are visible; you’d almost mistake
our surroundings for a cloud. A fog of decency covers our bodies from prying
eyes and writing hands, no oracle nor scribe could use us for their heinous
visions or iniquitous fantasies. She splashes down next to me – “Hey!” – she
sounds disappointed like always. Not in me, never in me, thankfully, but in my
apathy towards the arts. “I haven’t. What man or men write, no matter how they
twirl their brains over the things they can only give a name, what they think to
know about a world they can’t influence, can’t possibly apply to us. We’re not
like them, or I guess it’s better to say, they’re not like us.” She puffs her
cheeks, I poke one of them out of habit. “But his reasoning is so sound! And the
language we have bestowed, he puts to perfect use. We are subject to the same
thoughts through the magic of words, after all, so to dismiss him by his nature
rather than by what he has nurtured is as distant from virtue as Tartarus is to
Olympus!” The hot water does much to mask it, but her red-flushed face has no
other mythology to it than childish stubbornness. She is the scales to bring
balance and justice, but cannot handle it when she is placed on either of the
pans. It’s adorable. I laugh, upsetting her more, and kiss her forehead, which
she finds even worse. “How he puts his logic to use is intrinsic to his mortal
nature. Arrows require a bow for their direction. The same is with words;  hunt
and talk are no more different than you want them to be.” She splashes more
water into my face and shuts me up, but my mouth is open with a smile.

1 – Rocks cripple my feet, my tunic torn by branches. I can’t run fast enough.

2 – I signal for the chariot to stop. The six-horned deer rears, its gold skin
reflecting sunrays filtering through the treetops. Beams of light, helpless
against the splendour of my steed, bounce into the forest, as if Eos herself
decided dawn would begin in this very verdure, falling on and highlighting a
single grazing elk. Dead leaves lay in open graves of moss, and with careless
feet, I wake them up as I descend. They scream once, reliving their demise once
again, and the crumpling sound of this defilement alarms my hunt. Soldiers on
the horizon, flee while you can; it has decided to bolt. My negligence costs
defeat, and I complete that vile human transaction. Archery won’t save my face
nor will it kill the game, it’s simply much too fast for any of my arrows. Were
I to be any other godhead, I could simply demand its death right here and now.
But my hunting tools aren’t blessed or enchanted; I don’t need divinity to
achieve what I was destined to do – any mortal can wield my bow, wear my tunic,
fletch an arrow on par with mine.

I begged my father to deny man the pleasure of honouring me, I demanded my
sexuality to be locked away, all to focus on the hunt, all to acquiesce the
demands of nature. Which, ironically, is a humiliation without equal, because
nature is nothing. It has no face or form, no clear authority or pantheon. It
shows itself through consequence alone. It cannot act on its own, and I only
have mine actions to blame. Fate or the Fates, dependent on one’s disposition,
they oblige nothing. They only confront you with your inadequate self. I punch
the tree next to me, and my hand bleeds like a mortal.

3 – She takes my hand, lightly stroking the bandages with her own. Her amber
eyes express a concern and my regret could split mountains and fill lakes – how
could I dare to cause her worry? “What did you do?” She asks, disappointed. Not
in me, never in me, thankfully, but in herself, that she couldn’t be there to
stop it. I have been comfortable on her lap for hours while she’d been reading,
now I roll my head away in shame. Underneath the olive tree she donated to
Athens, in order to win the city’s favour. A silly rivalry between her and
Poseidon, who offered them sea water to drink? Faced with the option between
natural poison and a plant bearing food and life, they surprised all of the
pantheon by not choosing for ‘death’, for once. Despite their tortured
existence, mortals can be surprisingly lucid.

“I… puwmtsh a twee,” words muffled by her dress, a complete misuse of language
is my reply; I don’t want to talk about it. “What?” She laughs with a snort,
lovely as always, though she thinks otherwise. “I punched a treeeee…” Her
finger, hard and calloused, circles my shaved head. “You get mad so easily. And
you don’t know how to deal with your own bouts of anger. It’s a miracle most of
your skin is left unscarred, though I don’t mind the ones you do have…” Her
voice trailed off and I roll back up to see a red-flushed face, barely poking
out from underneath her parchment scrolls.

“What are you reading, anyway?” “Oh! It’s poems.” “Bah. I never understood the
arts. Actions speak louder than words, language only befuddles meaning and
intent I find.” “Well, if all you need to convey is hunting, archery, and
childbirth, sure. But you of all people should know the chaos of
incomprehensibility! The frustration of not knowing how to know how you feel!
And there is no experience more resonant, more connective than finding a word or
phrase to act as quiver to contain those effervescent arrows of thoughts. As if
the threads of fate bind you to the farthest celestial sphere.” “I like it when
you get excited like that. I still don’t understand, though.” She exaggerates
her thinking face, letting out a ‘hmm’ so deep it feels like judgment is being
cast on me. I don’t wait for her verdict and begin to judge myself in her stead,
again never letting go of the miniscule possibility I have wronged her (mental
self-flagellation lets us repent in our own unique ways, ways that absolve us of
action, that make the reality of consequence bearable).

“[That man is peer of the gods, who

face to face sits listening

to your sweet speech and lovely

             laughter.

It is this that rouses a tumult

in my breast. At mere sight of you

my voice falters, my tongue

is broken.

Straightway, a delicate fire runs in

my limbs; my eyes

are blinded and my ears

            thunder.

Sweat pours out: a trembling hunts

me down. I grow

paler than grass and lack little

            of dying]”

“…What?”

“Sappho! Poem of Jealousy*, that’s what it’s called.” “What’s it about?” “Um.
Jealousy. It’s called the Poem of Jealousy.” “Really? I mean, I didn’t
understand a word of it.” Thinking about language has never been your strong
suit.” “Hey!” I puff my cheeks and she pokes them out of habit. “Just imagine,
my huntress, the mortal emotion. To feel both its anger and its fear, combined
to form a worsening. Thunder within one’s bosom, silence strikes the tongue as a
bolt of Zeus’s wrath, a paralysis outside of the realm of natural philosophy;
something more powerful than anatomy envelops, overwhelms you. Fire spreads
across your body, you choke on the smoke of your own smouldering skin, your own
thoughts and reason buried underneath Vesuvius. Water breaks out, torrential
floods from the eyes, melancholy builds up in your throat, death suffers less
than this, all because she’s with someone else.”

“Oh. So you and Paris.”

She pushes me off of her lap.

“I didn’t mean that. I’m sorry. I—“

She soundlessly leaves.

I feel mortal; deathward.

1 – I trip and fall. I clutch the parchment in my hand.

2 – I never knew why the three of them cared so much about what the goddess of
discord thought. It seemed too deliberate, “this golden apple, a prize for the
most pulchritudinous,” I could see her angry smile failing to hide her
intentions. Eris tossed the fruit at their feet, falsely promising knowledge and
truth, inspiring later tales of fruit-based deception and betrayal. She
sauntered off, leaving malice in her wake. Hera, Aphrodite, and Athena. My
Athena. I had never thought of her as vain, I thought I made her feel the most
beautiful every time we’d been together. Of course I can’t help but feel pity
for myself, I just stood there and watched, I was paralysed. Perhaps she thought
it was justice – it seemed only logical she’d be given the apple. I certainly
wouldn’t disagree. Yet there was something ravenous about the scene: three
goddesses, so far removed from their own godhead, just to claim an arbitrary
title and an inedible fruit. They almost fought, but Aphrodite remembered just
in time that Athena also governed war and glory in battle. A shame, I would have
loved to see them get destroyed by my strong lover. Something I helped her
become, mind you – our relationship flourished because I was her personal
trainer for a while.

So they decided to bring it up to Zeus, who suddenly felt awkward picking
favourites. He suggested a third party, a mere human, unaffected by deeper
meaning, who would be “honest and fair”, that’s how he put it, but he meant ‘who
would be superficial’. It repulsed me! Athena, judged by someone who didn’t,
couldn’t know any better, who had no understanding, who hadn’t shared those
laughing fits, tickling each other with paint brushes while designing her aegis,
who didn’t bring her warm wine and candles late at night while she worked to
bring justice to people who didn’t deserve it, who couldn’t even draw maps from
memory of the rivers in her skin while she sleeps.

Yet all I did was stand there, lips quivering like a nervous bowman, as three
goddesses desperately tried to win over one man’s eye. Hera kissed his neck and
pressed herself against him, offering him a kingdom to span Europe and Asia.
Athena, at his feet, more subservient, more erotic than I was ever privileged,
tempted him with wisdom and skill in war – the very techniques I had taught her.
Aphrodite, who looked as divine as beauty would allow, sucked on his lips and
proffered a single woman as Paris’s bride. And the fool agreed. I feel a tumult
inside of me. A terrifying, emotional chimera, particular to me that’ll never
see mythology. The head, a roaring lion, is anger and outrage, my own bias be
damned, the audacity he wouldn’t choose Athena. The body of a swan, sleek and
flush like a gust of wind, a heavy sigh of relief leaving a trembling body,
Icarus could have yet lived had I been there, soaring higher than his own pride
on my breath alone. Its tail, not even an animal, but the thorny stem of a
flowerless rose, pricking and bleeding me with regret and sadness, that she
wouldn’t come to me. I would call her beautiful. All that Paris’s judgment has
revealed, however, is that Athena takes the truth in my voice for granted. I
flee. Back home. Our home.

3 – “Welcome home. Um. How was your day?” “Don’t talk to me.” “Didn’t get what
you wanted, huh?” Nothing. No response, not a word. The only reaction is a
shiver running along her spine. “I’m sorry. I don’t know what came over me.
Let’s sit down and talk about this. About… Paris. I know. And I need to hear you
tell me we’ll be okay.” “We won’t.” “Athena…?” “I came here to pick up my stuff
and leave. There’s nothing you can do to change my mind.” “You can’t just decide
that. What did I do wrong?” “More than you care to remember. You’ve hurt me,
Artemis, but you won’t know what or when it happened. You’ve been clinging to
us, holding onto one of Clotho’s threads, not realising it’s about to snap. So
you pull yourself up, believing you can reach the top, never stopping to think
that what you have in your hands is a single string. If you won’t let go, I will
wrench it from your hands.”

1 – I break open the entrance, injuring my hand as I did before.

2 – And with that, she slams the door behind her. I suddenly understand Sappho’s
poem, but not as words of jealousy. I feel it as loss; fire, thunder, water. I
blaze through the forests, my first show of my divinity, ruining entire
ecosystems using the anger only a goddess could comport. Thunder from my throat,
striking my followers who have done nothing wrong; they endure it, for they have
no choice but to, nobody is in a position to calm me down, nothing makes me
okay. I now see what Athena meant. Then the water. The endless tears. None of
the classical elements could help me cope with my own fault.

Time, the secret fifth element, however, does. Though Chronos has been dead for
ages (ha!), he’s still helped me more than the rest of my dysfunctional family.
Eventually, and after many apologies to my servants, I got back on track, what I
was supposed to do. Which, honestly, isn’t that different from the ‘fire’ and
‘thunder’ portions of my emotional outburst. But feeling not as furious and
conflicted and suffocated while doing it, I guess. It just happened; I realised
I was better. No longer mortal. Whatever part of me had been made vulnerable and
killable, became worthy of worship once again. Though I must confess, during
that time, I found myself drawn to the arts. I even wrote some things, in the
effort to sluice my own thoughts out of me, the poem as conduit for my chaos. Of
course I wasn’t that good at writing, so I, hm, won’t spare a thought on them.

3 – “How is she?” “Listen, I appreciate the gesture, but she’s the last person
she wants to see right now. She’s… been through a lot, and needs people she can
really trust.” “We were lovers. I can comfort her, Apollo.” “Can you?” His
expression darkens, avoids making eye contact. His rhetorical question stings:
the god of medicine and healing would know better. “I only told you because I
guess you two have a history, and you deserve to know or something. You didn’t
have to come here. You shouldn’t have come here.” “Who is it?” We both perk up,
heads turning towards the bedroom door. There she is. A mess. Without thinking,
I run up to her and embrace her. “Athena. I’m so sorry.” “Why are you here.” Not
even a question, more like a death sentence. I back away, scared. “Um. Your
brother told me.” “Apollo,” she scowls through and behind me, “we’ll talk
later.” A ‘tch’ followed by footsteps and a door closing. “Athena, I heard about
what Hephaestus did. I just, wanted to be there for you.” “DON’T say his name.”
“Sorry.” “And you are not someone to provide me with succor. I will be fine
without you, I have been fine without you. Stay away. Get out.”

I proceed to do so. As I leave, I hear an awful, defeated voice. “I am the
goddess of justice. Then why was there no justice spared for me?” I stare at her
backside for what feels hours, and they probably were. Some poet or philosopher
will write a beautiful story about this. But it feels anything but beautiful.
“You need to go.” It isn’t Athena’s voice, but her brother’s. Finally back after
stepping out. “Okay. Um. Bye.”

∞ – My handmaid enters my bedchamber. I’m covered in furs and pelts, lavish and
almost aristocratic. I turn around from my desk.“Did you want to take a bath
together? I was writing, but I’ll make an exception tonight.” I chuckle. No
smile answers mine. She slips me note, hesitant to speak. She leaves. Riddles
have never been my strong suit, so I open the paper with presumably a hint on
it. I burst from my chair, knocking over a ceramic decanter. It falls to the
floor and shatters – what is made by gods will break by gods. I wish I could
have been born Hermes just to have his speed. But no wind could carry me fast
enough to my destination, to her house.

Blood on marble, sin on holy. There she is. Leaning on her shield, its pure gold
now an imbrued red, and embracing her spear, holding it as firmly and intimately
as she has never held me, while it impales her. I let the parchment in my hand
fall on the silent floor and kneel down next to her. She is beautiful.

oh my god have you heard the news? a reliable source told me:

the wind has died. no not died down

she died of exhaustion

pushed herself too hard

because we built these beautiful mills and turbines for her

and kept building them

she thought it was so nice

when we gave her these different names (mistral in france, tramontana in italy)

you don’t name things you don’t want to forget

the evening news lists exactly three consequences, very bothersome

“pollination, birds, sustainable energy, all needed the wind”

(the weatherman is sad at home, mourning earnestly)

personally, i think it’s very rude to think,

without even mourning her just a little,

“how can we do without whom we killed”

X turns to Y, asking noncommittantly “What do you think is at the end of this
path?” Y responds with ‘thpppppt’. By no means is that an acceptable, and it’s
kind of rude when said unprompted like that (uttered? Spit? What is the
operative verb even?). Y has trouble with conversations, but tries again: “Does
it matter?” That’s a more philosophical retort than predicted, but coming from Y
it’s more likely to be blunt and touching on nihilism, which, to be fair, is a
school of philosophy, but Y is neither teacher not student in it. So X thinks,
tilting head and shoulders. Thinking about something can be shown through an
askew posture, X thinks, leaning a bit further still, because it helps Y
understand: ‘because an answer isn’t ‘straight’forward!’ X returns to an upright
position. “I think it does,” a firm retort. “Well, I hate that.”

During the course of this exchange, a rabbit had hopped in front of them. He
wears a bangle on either arm and has got most of its body covered with a little
vest, bright white, unlike his fur, a fiery orange but on the comfy side of
fiery. Imagine and visualise the one known as ‘X’ walking into a victorian-style
study: tyrian purple rugs, three walls alligned with bookcases way taller than
the portable ladder next to them, maybe some taxidermy but maybe not depending
on your disposition towards trophy animals, and a beautiful, expensive fireplace
that glows a friendly sunset orange. That kind of orange.

He poses the journeying two a riddle. It’s a really corny one. Yeah, it’s that
one, the one every game designer and their mother uses. Game design mom: “Four,
two, then three legs. What? What?”. All the mysterious places such as ‘Temple’
and ‘Magic Palace’ and ‘Dad Basement’ use it as a tiny tastemaker, to invoke a
tolerable atmosphere of delicate enigma. ‘Wow, that’s original,’ the one known
as Y would say, but not right now.

“I’m sorry?” “What if the path doesn’t end. Then what?” “I guess we’ll never see
what’s at the end.” “What is the point, then?” “I guess nothing. But it’s nice
to be busy.” “Precisely!”

The rabbit has grown impatient, deeply wrought by the duo’s lack of manners.
‘Never have I, puzzlemaster Royland, been mistreated with such temerity!’, is
what it would say, could rabbits talk in a way that makes sense to you and me.
It only knew two things, however: how to look snazzy and how to prompt puzzles.
It hops off, upset and offended. He’s going to microblog about this. Oh well!

X and Y continue their conversation as they move further down the path,
unaffected by their own attention spans and a certain rabbit’s silent judgment.
“Is being busy what you want?” Y unleashes a steady stream of questions that
seem passive-aggressive and almost insulted but really aren’t. “Yes, actually. I
want to know what I’m doing it for. Purpose, results, that kind of thing. What
if my effort has been for nothing? That’d be a shame.” “No, you want
preoccupation.” “Is there a difference?” “Yes, one asks ‘when will I be done?’
and the other ‘when will it stop?'” ‘What is this drilling’, X thinks, basically
posing at this point. “I just want to know where I’m going.” Y has been leading
the way, holding X’s hand so softly, so they are headed towards something.

A tortoise blocks the way. She is not very important but let’s take a closer
look anyway. She looks great! She’s got a very wise air about her; having lived
a hundred years, this cherished shell-pal must certainly know a lot. Ask her
anything and she’ll search her memory banks for anything resembling an answer.
Like a shoreline where she spends her days off, sand beach or maybe rocks, a
salt-scented breeze ventilates and rejuvenates the nostrils and pores.

But neither X nor Y ask her a question, too busy chattering amongst themselves.
The tortoise offers the dingy duo some wisdom instead, some useful facts in
cups-to-go. “The answer to most riddles is ‘Man’,” says one cup, it tastes like
herbal tea with a bit of sugar, and the other, “the sphynx committed suicide
after Oedipus solved her riddle. I wish she could have been okay.” She performs
a curtsy in a way only an old and wise reptile can and is slowly removed from
the path.

“Where are we going, is what I want to know.” Y flutters indolently at this, and
says “it still doesn’t matter” before landing on an important-looking statue. It
sinks a bit, having apparently activated a switch, and the floor begins to
rumble. X stands up and thanks the tortoise as she is taken down a
statue-activated elevator. Her wisdoms are absolutely of no use but X will
remember them for the out-of-placeness of it all, which is funny to lean into
because a riddle-spewing rabbit isn’t unique enough to warrant a memory or two?
Y takes the lead again and leads on, thankfully they are holding hands again.

“I hate that. Do you need constant confirmation you are not a ghost?”

“Y, I’m not sure what you mean, and I usually do.” Y humphs and hrms, opting for
thought-grumbling instead of body language. “You don’t think about the seconds
you spend.” “I just want to know what to expect, what’s what.” “Every second
something is happening, but you don’t remember them. You are looking only at
where you will go, not at how you are going.” “Which is where, again?” “A path
can only be a path if it can end.” “Sure.” “You are preoccupied, aren’t you.”
“Yeah, with a journey without a purpose.” “But isn’t that enough.”

Meanwhile, a mouse skitters past the two. He doesn’t believe he can make
mistakes as long as he goes. His path is very linear, and in that regard alligns
perfectly with Y, in the sense that he, too, believes it’s about the journey
moreso than the destination. But he also believes in the importance of a path
towards an end of something, which makes him more compatible with X’s way of
life, but not a perfect replica, because he lacks direction. He is both X and Y
and neither of them, should we decide to reduce the duo to their outlooks on
life. Imagine the conversations they’d have could they engage in an interspecial
chat. ‘My name is Amir. I am a talking mouse.’ ‘A talking mouse.’ ‘Wow, that’s
kooky.’

X’s throat clears. “Why do you worry so much?” “I don’t want you to worry.”
“Don’t worry about me, I just want to know.” “Knowing is great.” “I agree,
that’s why I want to.” X feels Y slowly letting their hands return to their
respective owner, the dangling of arms feels heavy and sad. “But does it have to
be practical?” “Excuse me?” “Do you need to be justified?” “For what?” “For
being. At all. Can’t you just do things because you want to?” That’s
unexpectedly hedonistic of Y, X thinks, almost falling over, wondering if that
was just a very teleological mouse that skittered past them. Before X can
respond or nervously grab Y’s hand, Y says something: “We’re here.”

Y’s bedroom is gorgeous, very ornate and has all the right furniture. The rest
of the house is unique and appropriate but not without its design quirks, such
as puzzles, floor switches, and riddling animals. Y turns to X, smiling widely
and brightly “Surprise!” X looks around to search the room for actual and
tangible surprises, though his boyfriend takes up most of his vision (to
absolutely no dismay). “Uh. What is? The surprise, I mean.” “There was a point
to this after all!” “I mean, you’re the one who invited me over,” X grin is wry
and snarky.

Y puffs his cheeks, “But what did you think about the journey? The mystery, the
riddles.” “I’ve been to your house before. Listen, I love your weird riddle pets
and how you have spread your wings and fly in order to perch on the statue to
send your tortoise down to her terranium. I also know what we do here most of
the time.” Y leans into a thought, one wing in his side and the other tickling
his chin.”I guess I didn’t think about that.” X laughs, the kind of laugh that
is a smiling body. “I can think of another journey we could go on,” he leans
forwards, “some seconds to spend.”

X folds his hands into Y’s and pulls the boy in for a deep kiss, there might be
tongue involved.

An old lady, tiny and accessorised in beautiful ways, pulls her little cart into
town. She visits once every month, selling all sorts of sundries and mysterious
miscellany and unidentified uniquities. On it is a variety of products and
produce, such as a taxonomy’s worth of medicinal herbs, five pieces of a
honeycomb, the claws of a bear who, after a life of predation, consented to the
removal of his awful nails, and a single egg. As luck and shoddy infrastructure
may have it, the cart hits a bump, and the egg does tumble and begins to roll.

It rolls down the cobbled and hobbled street with speeds too incredible for any
oviform that small. People leap out of its way in acrobatic antics, the scene
perfectly hospitable inside a circus tent. Perhaps they do to preserve the
neatness of their clothes or shoes, but this egg is special, its kinetics not
only quantifiable with meters-per-second but emotional with purpose, and we all
know fear is the progenitive to self-preservation. In its stampede, it crushes
innumerous bacteria and viruses, a brutal end, even for these small things that
only bring disease and do nothing but feast on the deceased. After all: their
malignance and moral repugnance is not a choice but remains a necessity. For
what and why? Why ask at all.

The egg continues, thereby orphaning many ants. Their parents had ventured from
the stones they call home to collect fallen leaves or their weight in sugar, a
valuable luxury for bugs. The young ones had no way of working through the pain
and sorrow, their younger siblings still pupating, so they had no choice but to
silently mourn and resign to a slow, sugarless death. The pupas themselves would
come into existence in a home without family.

A stalwart beetle answered the panicked pleas of the microscopal and the
insectoid alike – she is very strong and possesses a virtuous heart. Bravery
courses through her body (as opposed to when bravery is confined to just the
veins in those unlucky enough to be anything but an arthropod) and she tackles
the barraging egg with her recognisable, battle-scarred horns. She catapults it
high! What a hero! The bugs cheered (take my word for it that celebration is a
thing bugs do) and she was given an extra sugar ration that day.

But back to the egg, now hanging in mid-air, one could call it gliding, its
respectable and aerodynamic shape suggests a certain birdliness to it. But
gravity trumps all, it keeps us grounded and it makes us existential. It is
familiar in the sense we wouldn’t know WHAT to do would it decide to leave us
for a greater pursuit beyond our reckoning. Also, what would happen to the egg
if gravity simply decided: ‘no thank you’. I believe that’s when the story would
end with the following three words: “So long, egg”. Call it ‘ending A’. Now, we
press on to ending B.

SMASH !

The egg crashes against a wall two yards away. ‘Strong’ was not a descriptor
chosen lightly – words are blood and blood flows freely through her body, hence
this relative, bug-astonishing feat. The wall, lacking locomotion but sharing
people’s disdain for being dirty, hesitantly opens his eyes. There is no yolk,
white, shards, or other holistic components that make up ‘egg’ staining his
skin. Instead of the amorphous, scatter-splatter we’d expect, there is a glowing
white hole. White, yes, but not related to the egg white, or perhaps it is, but
then a special magical quality specific to this egg. The hole, like any hole,
has an entrance/exit and depth. It can contain, therefore it is a hole. The
townsfolk who had previously ducked for cover are now gathering around this
spacetime anomaly (newtonian and euclidean laws run this town, so this is
definitely a weird thing).

The sound of physical struggle can be heard from inside this
extradimensionality, oviexistentiality. Not a grunt, a cry, or the strained
voice of exertion, but like something is being pushed out of soft, rubbery
confines (my guess is that fluctuations like these would feel rubbery). Then,
unceremoniously, like everything in life, fiction redirects our attention to the
seconds of experience and existence we don’t spend a thought on, to the moments
we keep missing,

a larger egg plops out.

The old lady, quite tired from running after the egg, gingerly picks up the new,
bigger egg and places it on her cart. She turns to the crowd still processing
what just transpired, money on her mind, and says in a sweet voice:

“Who would like to buy a very special egg?”

Oh, young Narcissus, with a face, a body, an idea, a fantasy, a suggestion, a
concept, so beautiful and perfect, there was never any doubt that he wouldn’t be
yours.

Had there ever been a boy that fluttered more hearts, turned more onlookers into
a swan, abandoned together on a frozen lake with feet unsuited for ice and
sorrow? Sighs of the birds pleaded for a smile, a caress, or a kiss, he embodied
bliss and Narcissus just stood there. On the shore, on the black sands, being
himself, being wanted, he did not want this. He refused to look into the lake,
the perfect mirror. Narcissus turned around and the hopeless swans were content
with the sight he gave them, the slight parting of his lips, as if that was what
kissing him is like, a distant thing, a visuality. His eyes were hidden, his
lips were full, his skin was dark, his profile was divine, and the way his shirt
hugged his chest was exiled to the screams of heretics and the niches of
apocrypha; scholars knew that descriptions would bring only delirium.

“We have to stop Narcissus.” That was the idea of a rather malcontented man
whose husband had let his gaze wander down Narcissus. His eyes journeyed across
his body for forty years and came back with treasure, knowledge, and a longing
for more. “Please love me,” did he beg, gods how he begged for the love he
assumed was his, but his spouse thought only of Narcissus, a fantasy he’d never
let go, happier than his marriage. “I know of a way,” responded a conniver. His
skin was pale, his posture unsure, but his wrath was certain. He, too, had seen
Narcissus, and he, too, fell in love. But he fell into jealousy as well. What
Narcissus has and rejects with frequency, he had never known. “I’m hot and
tired,” he imagined Narcissus had said, and it infuriated him to no end. He
would break the ice and ruin him. The spouse-lorn man told him to do what he had
in mind but never to mention what that was. They, the lonely and the conniver
and the dozen swans, were complicit in deicide, for they would remove the
masterpiece that is Narcissus, spilling blood on a god’s canvas.

That’s when you were approached. The pale man knew you were new in town, because
you hadn’t spoken of Narcissus even once. He was all everyone would talk about –
on the marketplace, in the temples of gods not him, in the workshop where you
had to wait an extra hour for the lovestruck smith to finish your sickle. “Meet
with Narcissus,” he suggested. It was a good suggestion; maybe then you would
have something to talk about and maybe then your life would become less lonely.
He offered you something to drink and he toasted to new relationships. Then he
gave you a stake.

Narcissus sat by the lakeside, bored and unavailable like always. The swans had
managed to waddle their way closer to him but began slowing their step – perhaps
the distance was exactly what they needed. His black hair shined brightly even
in the dead of this moonless night. The mere outline, the very concept of him
was enthralling enough to weaken and waver your suffocating intentions. “Are you
Narcissus,” you called out, embarrassed. The swans craned their long necks;
disgusted at your boldness, the outsider’s impolitic ignorance.

Your hands are quivering. He stands up, the atmosphere thickens as the heavens
move farther away to make room for he. He turns around and time slows down. You
rush at him, stake thrusting forward. You don’t close your eyes because you
don’t know any better, and he stares into them. Intense, ungodly, red. You trip
and fall into him, he accepts you with open arms. The impalement doesn’t seem to
bother him too much – you missed his heart. He grabs your chin and makes you
look at him more. His breath is a mist, your body is lead, he leans forward.
Your lips part for his thumb, your neck cranes for his mouth. It hurts, it feels
wonderful. Everything has led to this point.

Oh, young Narcissus, with his fingers in your mouth and his teeth in your neck,
there was never any doubt that he wouldn’t be yours. But you are his.

“So, what do you do for a living?”

Um,” you start. “I work from home.”  This is always a really embarrassing
question. You don’t do much – enough to get by, but you don’t know how to make
that sound interesting. You can talk for hours about what you’re interested in,
but making yourself the topic of conversation isn’t one of your strong suits.
Plus, your nervosity isn’t conducive to optimal dating parameters. Why did they
have to be so hot, why did they have to wear a bartender outfit, yells the panic
in your head. You already want out – why’d you choose the seat with the back to
the door? Why even date at all, oh god oh god oh god

They raise an eyebrow, genuinely interested. “Really? Like web design or
something? Oh, are you an artist? That’s so cool!” They make it obscenely
obvious that you’re super bad at this so you throw some scalding hot,
subpar-yet-too-expensive coffee down your gullet to ward off the anxiety, at
least until after it’s over. “I, um, write user reviews. A lot of them. Fake
ones. On websites. Sorry that’s not any of the things you said.” Their
expression softens from inquisitiveness into a reassurance that they haven’t
given up hope yet. “Someone’s gotta do it, right?” is their response and also a
sign the conversation is diving headfirst into becoming unsalvagable. Two
seconds… A brief smile. Five seconds… they check their phone real quick. Eight
seconds… NO! You sit up straight, force a more enervating voice, and go “Haha
yep, I’m the one to blame for all those 5-star ratings on stuff that isn’t 5
stars!” Somehow, they start laughing. Well, a chuckle. Still: nice job. “Oh
yeah, you’re a real villain, for sure.”

“So, um, what do you do, then?” They’re stirring some sugar into their macchiato
but don’t break eye-contact. “I guess I’m sort of an office clerk, a bureaucrat.
Basically every problem ends up with me and I have to deal with it. Day in, day
out, naive and starry-eyed folks claiming they could do things better come to my
stage and I have to remind them that that isn’t how the world works.” “Oh, that
sounds super tiresome. Still, it must be very important work.” They sigh, and
you know that sigh: it’s the sigh people give when the validity of their
complaint has been shoved aside. The end results can be as triumphant and
progressive as can be, a shitty job is still a shitty job. “I guess,” the
stirring continues, longer than centrifugal forces need to achieve maximum
solution. You take another sad sip and give the café a quick scan: it’s nice and
rustic. Looks like a cabin. The floor and tables are made of wood and the
wallpaper has this neat, red brocade design. There are a few other patrons, who
you hope are having an even less successful date than you are, and in this
six-second break you take from making things more awkward for yourself, you
overhear someone saying “oh that’s a fantastic hobby!”

HOBBIES. “What are some of your hobbies.” They look at you, finally stopping
that awful stirring motion. “What?” “Sorry. I mean, what are some of your
hobbies?” At this question, they light up. Oh thank god. “I’m interested in a
lot of things, but mainly acting. I’m very interested in theatre and love
writing plays and scripts. This is kind of dumb, but I kind of really love doing
evil speeches when I’m in the shower. Oh, and I design costumes! I’m not wearing
one now, but most of the outfits I own are super  colourful and lavish and
provocative. I do a lot with all kinds of fabric. I sow and knit, too. It’s
something to keep me from going crazy, you know?” You were barely able to nod
along to the rapid pace with which that was delivered. “That’s so cool. Are you
into cosplay?” “Sometimes, but I like making original designs more than just
recreating stuff, you know. Do you have any hobbies?” “I like…cough, anime,
video games, and memes.” Did you just say cough out loud? They didn’t catch on,
though: “No kidding! I get most of my design inspiration from video games.
Suikoden, Final Fantasy, their villains always have such fantastic outfits.” You
nod along with a passion.

“Yeah yeah yeah, I love video games. Especially the ones with corny and
quasi-deep plots. Evil kingdom invades the world, the church was bad all along,
that sort of thing.” They smile, oh my god this is going sort of well isn’t it?
“I like it when stuff is a bit more mythical, if that makes sense? Like the
world has to go through some kind of trial for salvation and if humanity fails
everything is reset.” “That sounds familiar.” “Haha, I’m sure. Eschatology is a
common trope,” they shift a bit, lean forward, “and a source of inspiration for
me.” A blush takes over your face, why did that sound so cool and attractive?
You break eye-contact and notice the other patrons are gone and you can’t see
any staff. Weird. The café’s wallpaper also appears to be pulsating but that’s
probably just nerves.

“Inspiration? Like, you’re into mythology?” They chuckle again. “What? What’d I
say?” “Nothing, it’s just funny. Nah, it’s not mythology, it’s more
work-related. Even though it’s fiction, video games help me do my job.” “Huh.
How’s that work?” “They chronicle exactly what not to do, is all. The hero
always takes down the villain because it’s good versus evil, and good is, well,
good, so they win. It’s a bit more complex in real life.” Abort. Abort. They’re
a creep. Quickly finishing your coffee because this is not how normal people
talk, you glance down to check where your bag is, then you can make a run for
it. “Haha, I mean. Sure?” You look back up and he is not wearing the bartender
outfit he was before. It’s, sleeves. He’s wearing two black, purple-glowing
sleeves and the rest of his chest is bare. “Like the heroes, my clients expect
that everything will go their way. I remind them that’s not how the world
works.” He stands up, and immediately so do you. You turn around to rush out the
door but, the door has gone. In its place there is a fog wall.

“Because to change the world, you have to go through me first!”

You slowly turn back again, scared but filled with determination. You can see a
health bar floating above their head. Intense and heroic music begins to play
out of nowhere. You’re about to finish this.

‘EMBODIMENT OF ESCHATOLOGY’ YOUR SUPER HOT DATE

“Ugh, pesky tail. You make putting on bloomers unnecessarily difficult!”

“Any chance you want me helping with that one?”

“Wh…?! I, um, can do this by myself, thank you! What are you doing here!”

“This is the dressing room. Was going to grab my gloves before working on the
roof, need to replace rooflights. Then I saw you struggling with your,
underpants.”

Candice stays quiet, completely still, her tail awkwardly sticking out. She’s
halfway through her maid uniform, still missing her lace headdress and tights.
“…Please, look away. This is so embarrassing,” she not so much requests as
whimpers. The impossible softness of her raspy voice reminds me of the bigger
picture, of the fact I walked in on her changing and offered to… help with that.
A great deep red broadcasts on my face and I swivel around like a weather vane
at wind force 12. The sounds of fabric and frustration poke my ears from behind
and it makes me want to turn around again.

Everything about Candice fascinates me – ever since I’ve started working here,
I’ve been trying to sneak as many looks in as I could. Her sand-coloured skin,
the pink nail polish on her claws, the way her red scales outline her face… This
one time while I was cleaning windows, I saw her cleaning the master’s study, a
waltz crooning from an old gramophone, and she kept doing these twirls,
‘pirhouettes’ I think the word is? The frills of her dress extended and her tail
waving like a conductor’s baton in perfect sync to the fancy music, tip-toeing
on her big scaley feet. She’s so… CUTE! I HATE IT!!!

“You can turn around again.” I do. “Sorry about that…”

“Nah, I should be saying sorry. I kept on staring at you like some fancy
painting, after all.”

She covers her mouth with a hand, breaking eye contact. “I don’t mind.”

“WELL,” I pluck at my overalls. “Time for work. Good luck cleaning, I’ll be on
the roof if you need me!”

–

“A word.”

Armand is calling; he always does this when it’s time for a break. Pristine
young man he is, barely 18, doesn’t want me working too hard; there’s worse
masters to work for. “Time for my break?” “Yes, actually,” his voice cracks and
he coughs into his gloved hand real fast to try and cover it up. “But I also
wanted to impart some advice.” I let out a heh, I’m one and a half times his age
and served almost as many years, so for him to give me advice is cute. I hop off
the roof and zip open my overalls – it is hot out. “So?” He hestitantly pats
some sawdust off my arm and hands me a towel. “Just that you’ll have to look a
lot less slovenly to win her over.” I freeze, zipping my clothes back up. “That
obvious, huh? Isn’t against the rules, is it?” “Not really. I met my boyfriend
here, too. The butler?” “You and Antoin? Huh. That’s nice, way to go.” He
blushes and fidgets with his gloves. “Ahem. This is about you. Just wanted you
to know that you should follow your heart but should also take a bath.” “You
oughta give me less dirty tasks, then.” “No can do. You’re indispensible,” he
brights a full-teethed ivory smile.

“She’s in the study right now. Stop walking around with your heart full of leads
and talk to her. Good luck~.”

–

“Oh hello,” Candice beams with smiles, “are you finished with work already?”

“Nah, I’m here ‘cause Armand sent me on another task.”

“Armand…? Oh, the master of the house. You’re always so congenial with everyone!
And… you’re always so nice to me. Even though I don’t fit in well with the other
staff.” The motion she makes with her tail and how she clutches her duster is
nothing short of a tragedy.

“What makes you say that?”

I know what did – I just wanted to hear her say it. But instead of the expected
‘I’m not human’, she makes an annoyed wave of a gesture – like a tsunami – at
the scales on her neck and face.

I close the distance between us with a winter march. “Listen, Candice. I think,
that’s really great.” She bats her tall eyelashes at me. “What is?” “I THINK
YOUR TAIL AND OTHER STUFF IS CUTE.”

“My… other stuff…?”

I don’t know why I yelled that, I don’t know what to call this silence, I don’t
know what to expect. I take a look at myself and Armand’s words ring through my
head like nearby artillery, specifically the ‘less slovenly’ part. “I’m sorry.
You’re so pretty and beautiful. Then I’m like this and I’m real sorry, Candice.”
That’s all I can muster to utter.

I feel leathery hand stroke my cheek. “I would wipe your tears away, but I would
poke out your eye.”

“Heh. Hehe. Ehehehe. Okay, that’s funny.”

“I think you’re very cute, too. I love how you look in overalls and that grime
on your face is, well, it’s quite like make-up, isn’t it? You’re also very,
strong, and, um, muscular. And I wouldn’t mind you helping me with my
bloomers……..”

“Are you blushing?”

“A bit…” She shakes her head, retrieving her hand from my face. “It’s just. My
skin is mostly scales and feels very leathery. Are you sure about this?” I take
off a glove: my turn to stroke her cheek.

“You feel this hand? It’s rough and calloused so I think I can handle you.
Besides… touching you is a risk I’d like to take.”

Candice suddenly drops her duster, because of heavily implied reasons.

The sounds of birds filled the mountains.

A flock of choughs flew close beneath the lingering pearl clouds. Amidst the
blues, greens, and grays of the mountains, their black feathers stood out.
Through the intricate workings of colour theory and superstition, they were
considered omens to the many tiny towns scattered about the craggy hills. It
mattered if they had yellow or red beaks, but which bird-bill belonged to which
end of the moral spectrum went back-and-forth between villages like the
pendulum of a grandfather clock.

A young boy looked up at the birds, focusing on them with all his might. His
face was simultaneously soft and fierce, a testament to how he is and how he has
to be. The birds looked just like moving holes, punch card-patterns migrating
from fluffy cumulus to the next. They left no tearing, they only moved. It made
him smile, the widest he’d ever.

Please, come down here. Help me out.

He followed their trail until the group reached the pantone-blue sky, when they
became harder to track. And then the pain became too much to ignore. Colour
theory did not do him any favours, the red flowing from where he was struck
flattered his olive skin none. Stunned, dazed, and even with twice the usual
amount of legs, the boy struggled to regain his balance. Blood oozed from the
wound above his eye, blurring his vision

“So, Hyla, had enough yet?”

Kokran’s voice was sharp, precise, surgical, a knife slathered in venomous
words. It got under Hyla’s skin – the merest drop filled his heart with panic
and resignation. Earthquakes screamed in his chest, his heart the epicentre, the
aftershocks fell to his toes, shook the tears out of his eyes. But in an
earthquake, he was trapped. He stood his ground, unstable as it may be. He
refused Kokran’s question, no less dangerous than a cup of poison. Taking it
would not make the pain stop, drinking in the false promise wouldn’t save him.
Saying yes wouldn’t amount to anything – time had taught him this again and
again. So instead, Hyla kept to silence. He’d lost sight of the birds, but he
craned his neck up high.

Take your blade and cut it. You want me dead, well here you go.

Kokran looked back at his friends, insecurity in his steel eyes, his hate
wavering for just a moment by this beautiful surrender. The group reminded him
how much depended on his bravado, so he pulled at Hyla’s white hairs, forcing
him to make eye-contact.

“When I ask you a question, you answer me, monster.”

Hyla could not hold back the tears any longer. His vision was yanked from the
sky. Kokran’s stare was angry, cruel, disgusted; an expression burned into
Hyla’s memory from merely living in the village. The same superstition that gave
meaning to the beaks of birds, turned Hyla into something to be feared, and if
possible, destroyed. It horrified him. He tried to wrestle free, but Kokran’s
gripped his scalp tightly.

“You can’t leave yet. I’m not done with you.”

Kokran’s words cut through Hyla like a hot knife through butter. The white
clouds had turned into gray, and in the length of a single sentence a light
drizzle became a downpour.

Even the weather hates me. Hyla. Hyla he can’t hurt you any more than he already
has. He’s tried but he can’t. He can’t. He can’t he can’t he can’t he can’t he
can’t

A scream filled the air, and to everyone’s surprise it wasn’t Hyla’s. Kokran lay
at his feet, convulsing in pain with two clear hoof prints in his back. Hyla
raised his head, hopefully, and the widest smile returned to his face.

“You fucking, absolute pieces of goddamn garbage.”

Mom’s voice was as delicate as a detuned piano in a shipwreck, but it was the
best music in Hyla’s life. Kokran’s friends were already running away – cowards
and bystanders fleeing at the littlest resistance. Kokran himself was crawling
on hands and knees to get away already.

“Y…you could’ve killed me!”

Mom shrugged. “And I’m sad I didn’t, you little shit. You bully and abuse
someone and you’re surprised you get back what you serve? Hurts, don’t it? Maybe
pay some attention in school instead of picking someone who won’t fight back,
idiot.”

Kokran locked eyes with Hyla as he made his theatrically comedic escape. His
eyes had stopped hiding the fear and ignorance that fuelled his hate.

“You’re a monster! Why don’t you just leave! No one wants you here!”

Hyla took in a breath so big it felt like he sucked in the sky itself. “I’M NOT
A MONSTER! YOU ARE!”

The centaur collapsed, his legs folded unnaturally under his body. He began to
cry again, his sobs amplified when his mother knelt down to embrace him. She
always did this. And she’d always say sorry, because there was an ‘always’ at
all. And she’d cry along with him, cursing all the time. He was glad he knew
better than to take over her potty mouth.

“Let me look at you. Shit, that cut looks bad. Let’s wash it at home. Oh, your
shirt is all dirty and torn. They didn’t do anything to your binder, did they?
I’m going to have to fix that shoe. Oh Hylaeus, my sweet Hylaeus, I’m sorry. I’m
so sorry.”

Hyla wiped away the snot and tears and stood up with wobbly, unsure motions, as
if to reassure his mother. “No, I’m fine. I’m fine. It could have been worse.”
It was the least reassuring thing he could have said, but it was all he could
say.

“Mom, do I deserve love?”

His mother embraced him even harder, the closest she’d ever, so much it became
an effort to breathe. “You feeling this, Hylaeus? This is how much I love you.”
She failed to control the tremor in her voice. “This is how much the world ought
to love you. But the world is full of fucking idiots who are scared and don’t
want to learn. I know the pain of feeling like an outcast. That’s why you
remember this hug, alright? That’s how much you’re loved. That’s how much I care
about you. That’s how much everyone in your life cares about you. Survive the
fuckers who don’t care about you. Make them eat shit.”

He’d heard this all before, of course. But in the rain, in the mud, in that hug,
it hit home how true it was. He finally saw the depths of her affection for him,
learned exactly how people could have the capacity to love him. Here is a woman
who’d survived a war as a girl, who took up residence in a village full of old
enemies. She’d seen death, she’d grown through pain, she’d fought back against a
world that did not understand her, and somehow emerged on the other side.
Perhaps she hadn’t emerged victorious, but she emerged stronger, and made those
who suffered around her stronger.

“Am I a monster?” Even though he’d just yelled otherwise, Kokran’s poison
managed to creep into his heart. It was repeated in his head, repeated in his
own voice, repeated as if he were the one saying it. But, he held on to this
belief as tightly as his mother held him: these were not his words. It was not
his voice. It was Kokran who got under his skin. A hate wanted to destroy him,
so the most he wanted to do is live. His mother kissed his white hair and
twirled some in her fingers.

“’Course not, don’t be an ass. You’re my son, and I love you. You’re a goddamn
person and I love you for that. Anyone who doesn’t is a fool who shits from
their mouth instead of their ass.”

Hyla burst out laughing at this. He wanted to make a ‘potty mouth’ joke in
response to this, but kept to silence. Grabbing his mother’s hand the tightest
he’d ever, he looked up at the sky again – two birds flew side by side. One
yellow beak, one red beak.

“Come on. Let’s go home.”

Adien is going to lie here for a while.

“No” says their body, to the choice of movement, as if mind and body had at no
point ever been a uniform gestalt but operated as two incompatible partners. One
is loud and ostentatious and needs everything to go a certain way, scared of
chance, possibility, the unfactored, fate, used to being anchored to the self
but never sharing ship with others, the other has been guised in independence
through repertoire and repetition, reacting heavily and badly to authority,
resistance is the only way for existence, often forgetting a reality outside of
hardship. It is hard to remember this in such a deep dark sea, but, really, no
core constituents – the building blocks of a life we might refer to them as –
consist, federationally, of solely bad blocks, but these ‘good cubes’ might be
hard to observe, obscured by that which is loud and ostentatious, and this dingy
duo are starring in a comedy heist film together.

An astute reader who refuses to be content with only two similes might ask about
the mind’s response, or how the spirit reacts, or how the will feels, but in
this case, and the body is a case, as it is a shy prison for these would-be
rebels, the body has the upper hand – it has hands! – and so because the body
refuses, until recharged by some lovely interaction within life or a fulfilled
promise of sleep, there is no intervention adequate enough to move it; the mind
stays quiet and genuflects, even though it wants to scream.

Adien’s mind wanders and get lost. When the mind senses that life is ending,
some believe the brain is a parasite that needs to preserve its host from
danger, information is processed at a rapid pace, as if being more real for just
a moment will help deter death. Adien skips this step, however. They have a lot
going on right now.

Their phone vibrates, not because of a phonecall, perhaps a text message or
mail, because that’s just one ‘bzz’, this was definitely two, so probably a
clicker game notifcation. It’s rather disassociative, going into the minutiae of
vibration settings of various phone applications to effectively explain away any
reason someone might have to contact you (no one needs any reason to do so —
actually, that’s phrased wrongly: everyone has no real reason for contacting
you, yet do so anyway). They remain motionless, tenser than before, not even
bothering to check if their phone is in a pants or a vest pocket, stuck inside
of a bed that is by no means comfortable enough to warrant such a long-winded
lie-down, a chiropractor might have to be called again once things settle down,
when they become managable, become describable, quantifiable, though a magic
8-ball might have to say ‘Outlook not so good’ about the current situation —
there is nothing ‘magical’ about this, you coward liar ball. So for now, they’re
going to keep lying here for a while.

The giants wading through the sea don’t seem to notice Adien. Adien remembers
the fairytales – best stay quiet.

That’s a relief. Hey, we good? That’s Adien to their body. Though their relation
has never been amicable or agreeable, really, in fact their body has been
historically recalcitrant in that it never is what Adien wants it — themself —
to be. But as they both need each other, a makeshift contract of alliance is
drafted, no quilled ink on paper but more of a quiet nod in candlelit studies,
hopefully more can come out of this.

The giants shuffle in place, waist and torso rising high above sea level and
into a mocking formation of clouds. What do they look like? Can they even see
me? Do they care? Adien wonders why that is – are they like theatrical
spotlights, only taking note of what is important to the stage, what a rude
implication!, might it be simple noise that attracts them, or perhaps they are
so attuned to the atmosphere that their sensory system, or sense of
guardianship, extends to any molecule of air and stirring these tiny twins in
unnatural way, for example with a sigh leaving the body after hearing unexpected
bad news or a phone going off because a clicker game updated, is what triggers a
reaction. Thankfully, Adien’s pants or vest muffled it enough to stay
undetected. It’s not any of these things. Adien is just very good at making
themself panic.

The bed continues to float through an ocean of endless purpure, a particular
tincture of purple found on heraldries, but that bears no relevance to the
water’s hue, it’s simply a descriptor, gently lifted from its specific meaning
to mean ‘nice shade of purple’. Sorry. Adien has their eyes wide open, their
breaths are heavy and long, lungs expanding and deflating like slow bellows
against a furnace, forging the steel rings and hooks that keep you tethered and
a metal frame that carries you into tomorrows per every daybreak.

The metal raft moves between the legs of a giant, two pillars rising from unseen
depths, the foundation to something to be feared by way of its mystery. Humour
can be a good way to cope with the surreal and the incomprehensible, but it
murks your relationship to these very things, a lake becomes a swamp, you cannot
be sincere with yourself anymore, do not confuse comedy with cowardice. Adien
wants to joke and say “hi there”, but honestly anything this large, while not
inherently violent or predatious, is inherently capable of applying more force
(F = ma, after all, and inferring its size it must have got a lot of m).
Realising this, they shut up before even saying anything, the quiet is
self-preservation, their body silent and their mind sirens, we can feel so loud
while staying our bodies perfectly still, together a paradoxical stealth.

The giant moves one of its legs, covered in barnacles and sheets of crackling or
overhydrated skin. It’s wearing a loincloth, by the way, to dispel any rude
descriptions you were fearing (hoping for?). The leg hits the side of the bed –
not rapidly or forcibly, but as slowly and controlled as the waves that had been
deciding Adien’s atlantic journey. Still, Adien and their bed-vessel are
launched farther across the purple sea, a meaningless description, because
without a landmass to decide its boundaries with, they are no relative position
closer to salvation or doom than they were before. Adien can see the giant’s
reaction and begins to count their blessings. Welp, might as well, they think as
they check their phone.

The text, and it was a text, Adien was wrong, you see, but that’s fine, they
have a lot going on right now, it says “im sorry”. Ah, at least I have reception
out here. The giant bends down. It takes a while for it to complete this motion.
Its face is angelic in a luciferian way: marble covered in grime. Adien is
sitting upright in a lotus position on their bed, spine cracking in a
nasty-sounding liberation. They then have a conversation with the giant,
carrying words back and forth.

“Hello.” “Hi.” “We thought you were dead.” “I was pretending to be.” “A very
serious matter.” “Will you not kill me?” “What an oddly-phrased question. It is
almost like a request.” “Well, it’s complicated.” “What were you checking on
that device?” “Someone I considered close sent me a message. They apologise.”
“Oh?” “They kicked me out of our home, and now I’m on a bed in a strange ocean.”
“Whyever for?” “I wish I knew why. It felt like the end of the world, I was
paralysed with the heaviest emotions. But I have to reply to their text; any
relationship is worth holding on to, I think.” “No, you simply wish they were.
We know it is as important to let go as it is to preserve. Either decision
should not be taken lightly.” “I wish I could do that. Stop lying to myself, for
myself.”

“I will help you write a response.” “Are you an expert on resolving things over
text? A textpert?” “…Yes.” “Cool.” “But I do not believe forgiveness is
necessary here.” “Well, having a home is a thing. They’re my roommate and right
now I am an atlantic vagrant, as it were.” “Time heals all wounds.” “Sure, but
memory is the autopsy report.”

“What the mind remembers mustn’t stagnate the body. With other people, what the
mind remembers can be blinded by the bright reflection of a coin that is really
a forgery – a past worth going back to. We must be brave to face what is beside
us, if only for a moment, clear the clouds, to see there is always a starlit sky
beyond current hardships.”

“You are very wise for someone with their head in the clouds.”

Perhaps what follows is scarier than the initial panic Adien invented (but: a
mental machination is no less real than the machines outside your body, so don’t
blame yourself for faltering, instead give yourself a little pat on the back
inbetween these conflictive moments). The giant’s fallen face crumbles into a
smile, and they proceed to pick up our waterlorn hero. Adien is lifted upwards,
like cherished porcelain, into the clouds, every fluffy drop pressed gently onto
their skin, until they emerge beyond. The other giants out in the sea are on
their phones, some calling, some listening to music, some tapping away at a
clicker game. Adien is placed upon the shoulder of the big friendly one and
takes a deep breath.

The text reads, so formal: “I’m sorry, too, for whatever it is I did to you. I’m
sure it feels real and feels read bad for you, and your feelings are valid. I
admit, I’m not great. Still, sorry isn’t enough for either of us here. We’re not
good at being friends. So, yeah, bye. Don’t expect me to answer your calls.”
Sent. Read. No reply.

“Hey, so. Um. I’m Adien. Can I stay with you for a while, up here?”

Rain pours from clouds like malt whiskey, except it’s water. This is my city.
Neo Noir Dark Noir City. It’s always been this way, and it will never stop
raining. How did I, DICK HARDBOILED, end up here? That’s the thing: I’ve never
left or known anything else. My office is gray and glum and I call it home. I
haven’t cleaned this place in 36 years. Hard to believe I’m almost 37. Time goes
fast, chain-smoking, crime-fighting, narrating a neo-noir story.

A flurry of footsteps hurries up the stairs, followed by machine gun fire, which
ventilates my door and my window. Sunlight hits me in the eye, it sizzles, burns
right through. Needed a new smokehole, anyway. “Come in,” I swallow an unlit
cigarrete. Fifty legs pour into my office. Fifty… dangerous legs, belonging to a
dangerous dame. Seven cubic meters of pure danger.

“ＤＩＣＫ  ＨＡＲＤＢＯＩＬＥＤ?” “What can I do for you, miss…?”

“ＬＥＧＳ  ＷＯＭＡＮ.” Her voice, shrill like breaking glass and warm like a sputtering
shower drain, pierces my ear drums, the sound of her name stabbing my nicotine
heart. I swallow seven more cigarettes and light up three. “Want one?” She
breaks her tommy gun in half and feeds it to two of her mouths. I put them back
in the pack. “Non-smoker, I take it?”

“ＹＥＳ.  ＢＡＤ ＦＯＲ ＬＥＧＳ.” In the awkward silence that ensues, I inhale my ashtray’s
contents to impress her. She screams in delight, destroying my body with a sonic
blast. A sudden realisation hits me just as hard: Legs Woman? That means her
husband’s…

“TRENCHCOAT BRUCE?!”

She fastballs a leg into my mouth to shut me up. “ＩＳ  ＨＵＳＢＡＮＤ,  ＹＥＳ,” she
explains in exotic, dulcet, extraterrestrial tones.

“Ｉ  ＴＨＩＮＫ  ＨＥ  ＳＥＥ  ＯＴＨＥＲ  ＷＯＭＡＮ  ＷＩＴＨ  ＭＯＲＥ  ＬＥＧＳ ＴＨＡＮ ＬＥＧＳ ＷＯＭＡＮ.” Swallowing
her leg, then a cigarette, I respond: “And you want me to find out if that’s the
case?” I point at the case of Thompson submachine gun ammunition next to her.
“Well, is it?”

“ＳＨＵＴ  ＹＯＵＲ  ＦＵＧＧＵＰ  ＦＵＮＮＹ  ＭＡＮ.”

“I’ll take the job, ma’am, but it’ll cost ya. Your husband’s a powerful man,
y’know. He’s got fifteen arms; that’s seven more than I do.” She extends a leg
for me to shake, I operate it like a lever in contractual and sensual agreement.
It’s like we’re having a moment. I exit my office through the window, propelled
by a legendary leg, freefalling six stories high, lighting a cigarette on the
way down, breaking most of my arms on the wet and whiskeyed pavement. I push the
cig through my seventh eye, keeping it safe for later.

“I’ll go visit my friend, John Mountain, for information, in his mountain bar,
inside the mountain.”

John welcomes me with a rumbling sound. I take off my hats and dislocate my
still-unbroken arms, squeezing through the entrance fissure of the bar he runs,
‘JOHN MOUNTAIN’S INSIDE CAVE’. I give the place a quick scan: seven bats perched
upside down on an array of stalagtites, a married couple of two puddles of tar,
and twenty corpses – all dead, I checked. Yep, business is booming.

“Hey John, I’ll have the usual.” Immediately, three boulders slam into my
stomach: Stacy, Cyber Stacy, and Radioactive Sven. John’s kids, they help the
old man out from time to time. I cough up seven liters of blood into a nearby
40m3 barrel of cigarettes and down it all in one go. I’m very particular about
my martinis.

“John, I need information.” John doesn’t respond. he never does. He’s unfazed.
like a mountain. A… strangely attractive mountain. “Listen. Where does Bruce
Trenchcoat live?” Silence again. It’s a painful question: he and Bruce… their
love was strong and flowing, like a mountain and a trenchcoat. Still, I have to
ask.

A fissure cracks the earth open. I nod, inject an epi-pen of smoke directly into
my lungs, and kiss the kids – Radioactive Sven’s gamma radiation abjectly turns
most of my atoms into gold, a rich experience, and Cyber Stacy downloads a new
body for me to settle in. I wave the rocky family goodbye by wobbling my
shoulders around, my arms still broken, and hop on a nearby motorcycle. It’s not
stealing. You get to call dibs as long as you claim and narrate for centuries
and longer you’re the first to have found it, even when the original owners are
right there and they’re crying. I’m a detective.I follow John’s geological lead
as half of Neo Noir Dark Noir City plummets into hell, the worst department
store on the planet.

Driving through a crumbling city on a motorcycle made from parts of sad
helicopters and broken but still beating hearts, I’m reminded of my first case.
I’d just turned one, and I was weak. Doc said I was more oxygen than nicotine.
My fathers committed and subsequently solved murders to cope with the stress of
having a fully aerosolized son. Then it happened. In the dead of a night darker
than black, where chain-smoking angels drank bourbon and huffed bits of God:

I was murdered.

This was it, my one chance at redemption, at proving my mettle, at replacing
most of my body with metal from ashtrays. I asked Dad and Pops for important
hints and tips. They made rusty factory noises for three minutes. Of course!
Examine the corpse and eat it when you’re done. The ways of a true detective.
Judging from the cause of my death, I’d say I was dead. My trenchcoated body
spelt out “check teh[sic] sewers for clues” – the only person I know in Neo Noir
Dark Noir City who doesn’t have an integrated autocorrect just so happens to
live in the sewers. That’s where I needed to go next for clues.

When I arrived, I was stopped by Liquid Gary. He was the fiercest puddle of
bubbling unknown liquid in the city. I showed him the one thing – the only thing
– I knew, and what I’ve since long forgotten: true love. Love goes through man’s
stomach, and the sewers are the elephant graveyard for all ingestion problems.
Wading through liquid nicotine and stepping over tables of poker-playing rats, I
could feel my murder solving and my body dissolving with each step.

“MY MURDERER, TRENCHCOAT BRUCE!” I read from the dim neon sign that said ‘my
murdrrer[sic], trenchcoat bruce’. My murdrrer[sic], Trenchcoat Bruce, smiled.
But before I could even confront him about this very rude act, I woke up. Hooked
to Cuban cigar inside of a medical ashtray. It was the hospital. I was alive
again.

I crash out of my reverie by falling off my bike, absolutely destroying a
pedestrian. This case… thanks to ＬＥＧＳ ＷＯＭＡＮ, thirty-six years of chain-smoking
were about to come to a close. I walk up to Trenchcoat Bruce’s hideout, my jeans
chafed into assless chaps.

His hideout is just like I remember it: a huge packet of Marlboro cigarettes
with windows and a door drawn on the exterior. I kick down the fake door, my leg
gets stuck in the cardboard. His henchmen, all trenchcoats, fly off the coat
racks and wrap around my leg. They inject me with liquid noir – it’s how
detective are made. My leg broils with hot scoops. I scoop some up and taste it,
yeah ‘s pretty good. I rapidly solve the cases of the henchmen’s unresolved
feelings. They let go and leave, seeking out new and peaceful lives as store
mannequin jackets.

“WHAT IS THIS BACCANO?” I hear from the mezzanine. I spit tar on the paper-mache
walls, carefully writing ‘i don’t know what that means sorry?’ in Impact.

“Oh, it’s Italian for ‘ruckus’.”

Five trenchcoats stacked on top of another with one arm missing seated on an
ashtray sofa. That’s him, alright. “Thanks for the translation, Trenchcoat
Bruce.”

“I know why you’re here. I can read you like an open book.” I quickly close my
pages, flustered. Nicotine gushes from my cheeks. “B-baka…” “I know you were
hired by ＬＥＧＳ ＷＯＭＡＮ. Do you think me unsequined?” He opens his fourth coat and
fifty legs pour out. Fifty… dangerous legs. My god.

“ＬＥＧＳ ＷＯＭＡＮ!” I exclaim, overstating my auditory boundaries and receiving divine
reprimand for it. I get a second wind. “I mean, ahem, ｌｅｇｓ ｗｏｍａｎ…!” Bruce jumps
up, dame in tow, and ties her to the seat. It takes ten minutes to get all the
legs straps properly fitted, but I am a patient man.

“Let her go, Buttons. This is between you and me.” I peek at the ink smudge on
my hand. “Oh yeah also she wants to know if you’re cheating on her I guess.”
“Defeat me, DICK HARDBOILED, and I will let you close this case, once and for
all.” I accept this challenge, regardless of damsel in distress trope.

He begins to spin, each coat arm rotating at different speeds, until he is a
tornado of sharp leather and wet newspapers with long obituary sections. His
tempest pulls in a soot-black Mark II Jaguar from outside his hideout which
momentarily stuns me – not because it hit me, but its raw sexual mystique is too
overwhelming for any car lover.

Recovering from my paroxysm, I speed-dial dry-cleaning and from my pocket pull
out a single, loosely-rolled Aruban cigarette. The winds stop. “Don’t do it,
DICK–” he forgets to mention my surname and he knows. Anger covers my body like
a boiling shower – goddamn the water’s hot. I light the cigarette. And just like
that: he has fulfilled his narrative purpose. Finished, a fate worse than dead.
Not a trace of him remains. This is my story, so no matter what I try, I can’t
undergo the same. It sucks, I know.

I crabwalk up to ＬＥＧＳ ＷＯＭＡＮ and offer her a hand, or three. “You okay?” “ＹＥＳ Ｉ
ＦＩＮＥ ＴＨＡＮＫ ＹＯＵ.” She eats two and saves the third for later.

“So,” I says to her I says, “I never did find out if he cheated on you or not.”

“ＯＨ， ＤＩＣＫ ＨＡＲＤＢＯＩＬＥＤ，ＹＯＵ   ＴＲＵＬＹ   ＡＲＥ   ＯＮＥ

ＤＥＦＥＣＴＩＶＥ   ＤＩＣＫ.”

We laugh. It’s fuckin terrible.

The first denial the young prince had ever received was, “Don’t open the door to
the dungeons”. So unsurprisingly, the first thing the prince did when
opportunity presented itself, the universe’s way of saying ‘teehee’, was to
insert and turn a key. But to do so, the pampered royal rascal had to elude his
caretaker’s ever-watchful gaze, a retired military scout once known as The Cat
in part due to her sharp senses, and even now she retains that title, but only
because she enjoys taking catnaps in her rocking chair.

Children will cause trouble without ever understanding why, the prince was told
no, after all, and that is enough for most to seek out the forbidden. Curiosity,
however, this drive shaped like a key, is superstition’s pendant, a force which
pries open mountains and poisons goblets just to see what happens, and what
happened was that the young prince opened the door and was never seen ever
again.

We can say he shouldn’t have done this, but this is a hindsight, a wisdom that
catches up too late, a friend tapping on your shoulder to warn you about the
paint bucket on a wobbly ladder one unfortunate dye-job too late. Simply put, to
forward ourselves, we must accept that he is no longer needed, but his actions
stand at the precipice of events we could never prevent, motion creates motion,
and loathe as we are to admit but quick to realise, nothing is without
consequence.

For it was the caretaker who took the blame for this child’s derelict behaviour
and for the nastiness which ensued, but we won’t blame her, not an inch or iota
or other quantification one might use for culpability, as it is fear together
with the mechanism of the unknown which becomes a justice that demands a
scapegoat, never a justice to begin with. She was locked in the darkest dungeons
for this, for the crime of being herself a circumstance and a subject.

But what is a subject without a name, no one should ever be just a referential!
The name she is with is Minoes, and her cell is quite alright. She was branded a
witch, a demoness, an arcanist, conspirator with the dark, she is rather fond of
that title, agent of the Brim Dividing; these nominations have their benefits,
because no one with a soupçon of superstitious sense will ever think to disturb
her. Or execute her, for that matter. Death, who welcomes all strangers, but who
is always personal, we are never true strangers to them, should never be made to
host a true stranger in their halls. Minoes is exempted from even this.

There is another boon to this ordeal: this dungeon is the biggest home she’s
ever owned, wooden walls became stone, metal partitions to give her rooms,
plural. Middle-left will be my gallery, she thinks, Bottom-right has the most
hay so that is where I will sleep, upper-right can be my own little dining hall.
There is nothing we could consider furniture but this is where the theory of
forms picks up. The far exit of the dungeon remains locked, separated from the
castle proper with a thick wooden door, wrapped in chains and padlocks plus a
sliding grate for the convenience of eye-contact, to deign dignity and courtesy
for a context where there is none. Nevertheless, Minoes makes the most of
things.

Before you ask, no, she does not have a surname, an inheritance common to her
bloodline, which makes birth a spectacular event: parents, uncles, aunts,
nephews, and cousins, even friends are invited to deeply consider together what
special name to give to the new-born. Beer is brewed and herbs are smoked, it
must be exemplary and magnificent, suggests tipsy cousin Wilhelmina,
recognisable and grand, yells the undulate uncle Armand. Then father Swit
interjects, it must fit her and only her, there is no blood to make her special,
only one word, let her decide it when she is old enough. Minoes picked this name
five years ago.

Most days, Minoes simply eats bread upper-right. On the scratched metal tray
they slide through the viewport is fresh bread and a relatively generous jar of
pickles, but you see, she cannot open the jar, she has no strength in her hands,
sometimes she curses these vestigial things, but what she lacks in physical
strength can be found in her resolve, patience, and respiration. She makes due
with just the bread, she calls her meals a latecomer’s banquet. The jailor knows
about her condition, yet spares her no cruelty, morality is an objection saved
for humans, so he chooses to see a monster.

A monster that came from the dungeons, of course. It hid the entrance to the
Brim Dividing, a dark dimension where demons roam, if the old and corny legends
are to be believed, and they are by many, perhaps that is why a simple door
could for the longest time stave off this invisible threat, one needs only peer
inside to let our worst nightmares out, yet it is the door that keeps us up at
night.

But as it stands, no terrible demon army or rain of fire has come pouring
through the portal, desecrating our symbols, burning our farms and fortunes,
committing the massacres which are clearly a fantasy, in both senses of the
term, that which is unreal and that which is a desire, but no king will address
that everything might actually be alright. In the dungeon, there was a woman, no
more, far from less.

This woman, it must be stated, is neither demon nor apparition nor delusion of a
lonely woman, she is simply there, a being-there, Minoes calls her Daar, an old
word meaning ‘there’, because that’s where she is. Daar is happy to provide, she
is younger and healthier and can glide between worlds with relative ease, she
even goes so far as to remove her feet with a comical plop, because that’s
customary for guests, right?

Minoes, used to and even familiar with the bizarre, or perhaps there truly is no
place for suspicion when under suspicion yourself, there are no pretenses for
solidarity, appreciates Daar’s company, the only thing she provides. No
greetings or thank-yous, no whispers or rumours, no conspiracies or
conversations about the difference between their radical worlds and the funny
fact that all life everywhere contains more questions than answers but this is
distinctly not a bad thing. Hardly ever a word about Daar’s transparency or the
occasional cough of Minoes, not everything lends itself to exposition, not every
meeting requires words, the coward’s language.

They dance through the rooms, familiarised with the subtleties native to bodies,
Daar offers Minoes the things she asks for. A rug please, she begins, My knees
are quite sore, Then I would like an oil lamp and some blankets, perhaps a jar
opener. Bring me a mattress and many chickens for filling, she chuckles a joke,
Then a bookstand, two quills, one swan and one goose feather, their thicknesses
differ and that difference is valuable, some parchment and ink if it’s not too
much of a bother, you are such a dear.

The chickens announce another daybreak, this is the only time Minoes knows,
wasting away takes so long, but when the sun is your clock, it swings by faster
than before, no pesky minutes, hours, days, weeks, months, years, clothes,
letters, crows, deaths, geriatrics to subdivide time into frustratingly-present
minutiae, pieces of the past that keep stacking with each new experience.

Minoes receives a platter of things she can only eat one half of, even equipped
with a jar opener her grip fails her. Daar, unprompted, opens the jar of pickles
for her, with no twist or turn of the wrist, no second attempt after great
exertion, the lid simply comes off, vertically. She mentions how olives are
stored much more practically and are much more delicious, too. Minoes agrees,
but doubts any funds would be spent on providing such lucrative fruit to a
witch. She then discovers she does not enjoy the taste of pickles. Finally, she
chomps down on the loaf of bread only to hurts her teeth on something hard, a
cruel prank by the guard, she concludes, and tosses it away. No food today, it
seems.

However lovely this arrangement seems, its paranaturality cannot go unnoticed by
way of its own nature, it escapes the conventions we’ve been taught to recognise
and normalise and has fled into, created a new modality of comfort, a love
that’s better than regularity, loud in its weird and new silence, therefore
horrific. It doesn’t help she was already branded an evil woman.

The first pair of eyes to take note is the torturous guard who is normally
stationed fifteen superstitious steps away from the door, only closing in when
the overworked chef hands him the food tray. Today of all days he has reason to
exert a supernormal amount of cruelty; we might empathise with that and attempt
to scrutinise what’s got him feeling prickly, for we share that base humanity
with him, but how about instead let’s not.

He yells a dehumanising word, hoping to draw attention, for what is power
without a subject which acknowledges and which despairs, but he receives none,
and it his attention that fixates on Minoes and her silly expression instead.
Sour pickles will crumple the most statuesque of faces, and he only knows her
through death-wishing glares.

It takes him a second to realise this, that she is eating pickles, and demands
to know how that is possible, not out of curiosity or wonder, and an old woman
who overpowers vacuum packing is deserving of praise, but moreso out of panic at
losing control over the one cruelty to prove himself with. He spots a feetless
ghost and scampers off to call for help, but not before tripping, the echoes of
his armour fill the dungeon. The ladies laugh; the prisoner’s victory comes
small and easy.

What are you making, May I know more about you, two questions like kisses on the
left ear of Minoes, inflections audibly added to the end like Daar was taught is
the custom when asking questions.

Curiosity, as we know, is not only a tool for scrutiny but is often a question
behind a question, wanting to keep words dear, wanting to fill in the blanks
together. To figure out the legends to navigate your maps with, what words are
your roads, what nouns line out the mountains and the malpaises, what verbs show
where the winds are fiercest, a remark in your throat that tells if this river
can be forded or must be caulked, dotted silver phonemes for cities, towns,
borders, places we named together, red squares for the landmarks around which
memories are built, monuments to what two people share. The brass plaque reads
and a pair of lips speaks, I will keep your secrets safe.

Minoes replies, quilling down a last word before tickling Daar’s nose with the
feather, their mattress feels warm, A memoir. Daar repeats this as a question,
Minoes lets her know it’s a simple piece of evidence that she has been here, a
being-here, in the cell, in this life, in anyone’s life.

Why do you need to write it down when I know you have been important, this
emotional declaration coming from a quasi-physical being, it must be noted,
unfalsifiable words we pitch against a background of metaphysics, love as we
might call it, means more than words, hers or these, can convey. Minoes chuckles
and snuggles closer to the woman, her body incorporeal but the intimacy is
there.

Do you have to die here, there is a height in the breath of Daar’s question that
feels cold, No, dear, but I am an elder and a prisoner, and what they have in
common is that both have to wait for freedom to come, Do you have to be, No,
dear.

In the ensuing embraced silence, where language piles up in minds and gets stuck
in throats, everyone resorts to their most personal selves, personal in the
individual and independent sense, tiny habits become havens, each idiosyncrasy a
pub, a bar, a quiet pier, a leaf-green bench beneath a lantern overlooking a
cold and smelly promenade crowded with sailors making the most of it. Daar does
something inscrutable, Minoes gnashes her teeth, remembering the exact hardness
of the loaf she tried to eat. She lets her eyes wander as if a tourist inside
her own awkwardness and spots a key sticking out of the bread.

You see, there was a second pair of eyes to take note of the extraordinary fate
Minoes had been subject of: the overworked chef in charge of the meals of
prisoners as well as the custodians, the servants, the knights, the advisors and
ambassadors, the halberdiers stationed in the courtyard though not Clarice
because she is allergic to nut oils and buys her lunch in town instead, and, of
course, the undeserving royalty. Every very early morning, Antoin waits for the
steward who unlocks the kitchen and the pantry to return to his tiresome job of
saying yes sire and promptly heads out to the markets carrying a satchel of
saffron, which he trades for a jar of pickles.

The guard had never known the pickles aren’t a part of the prescribed meal, but
conversely, because everyone has their own tasks, Antoin means well but seeing
as the entire day he must cure meats and bake breads and baste pheasants and
broil soup and remember each royal member’s favourite combinations of herbs, he
spits on the king’s pork, he could not have been aware of his refusal to perform
the base courtesy of twisting the lid for Minoes, the sliding grate evidently
only there for show.

He figured the delirious guard running up the stairs, falling back down the
stairs, and running past him meant that his plan to free Minoes had worked. A
monster without a cage to him, but to Antoin, she was a woman he had served with
half a lifetime ago, who told him five years ago, Let’s change our name
together, But we’re so old, he had lied, Age is no objection, Antoin. He had
snuck in the key, a shape that spells curiosity as well as freedom, and there is
only one possible outcome, really, the one where Minoes is an ex-prisoner.

What Antoin hadn’t accounted for was that she would be having company. Oh dear,
I didn’t want to believe the story of your incarceration, but this ghastly girl
here is damning evidence you are in some faint way conspiratorial with demons,
he shrugs, Anyway, did you like the pickles?

Oh no, not at all, an honest lament, but a chef knows they cannot please every
palette, their art the art of necessary destruction, after all. Minoes
continues, So you were the kind soul who expanded my meals, is it too late I
trouble you for olives from now on?

Yes, actually, all-considering. The two friends pause and laugh, Daar joins in,
drawn in by shared amusement and the weird elation of freedom. Antoin conjects
it is likely our friend the guard is screaming for reinforcements and Minoes
laughs again, a beautiful sound, So having a girlfriend was the last drop, was
it? Daar’s face flushes at the statement. Antoin, knowing there is no time left
to ask who Daar even is or where she came from — does it matter? — or what the
deal is with all those chickens, instead makes a suggestion which sets into
motion events we could never prevent: escape.

Where there is a captive, escape is always at the horizon, where there is love,
there is an unfathomable weirdness that is good and that tickles, where there is
a prince, there is an incredible lout of a person, where there is motion, things
will never be contained. Daar asks Minoes, they are in the back of a wagon, and
outside in farthest possible distance there is a city with a castle, Let me hold
your face, her rough hands on her dark cheeks, she feels warm and hers, what a
strange meeting, so of course they kiss, of course they do.

In the cell, the fuddled guard scratches his head as his retinue attempts to
catch the mysterious chickens. He finds a piece of parchment.

It reads “I will make the most of it.“

Flames in the air and steel in his hands, he moves as if he has mastered both.
The constant heat enwreathed the workshop in a similar sensation as a sousland
pleasure parlour – of intensity, proficiency, and purpose. No bigger than a
wagon, between the entrance and the furnace lay a strewage of raw materials,
sacks of sand, and flasks of oils labelled with penmanship teetering on the
brink between logographic and proto-language, providing little in the way of
comfort or an atmosphere conducive to decorum and posture. The blacksmith cocks
his head at a small chairless table used for conducting awkward business and
which, upon closer inspection, is just two anvils not even placed neatly
together.

“With you in a sec.” “Blacksmith Tewfik, I come on urgent business.” “Yeah, and
I’m runnin’ an urgent business. Be with you. In a sec.”

His manner of speech is blunt and much too crass to address a royal. Coarse as
it is, however, anyone listening finds themselves… listening. His voice contains
an element of command to it. An alloy of knowledge and experience with trace
elements of control. He exerts ownership over this space, and that includes
anyone in it.

No tongue sears more than that of the sur-prince, having trapped it between his
teeth, something he does whenever dealing with the useful insolent. A tongue
bitten, he reasons, keeps me from swallowing my pride. He preludes his
introduction with a strong ahem, audible even above the crackle of fire and the
ringing of steel: Adelheid the Undenied, Commandant-Exodant of The People of Cel
D’altura, Who Ordered the Skies to Open. No fanfare meets his arrival, only
derisive laughter.

“You always introduce yourself in third person?”

Adelheid’s eyes widen in insult. He releases his tongue from his grip and
prepares it once more to speak. Before mustering a punitive retort, however, he
is interrupted.

“There, I’m done.”

Tewfik turns around and the two meet eyes for the first time, a sooty gaze with
flakes of dark dust outlining his eyes with alternative mascara. Eyes that had
been fixated on applying precise and hard, mighty blows to frail and simmering
steel were now equally attentive to Adelheid. He gives the royal a noncommittal
wave before standing opposite him behind the anvil-table, a comical, disarming
gesture.

“So, prince Adelheid, what can I do you for?” “Ah. You have heard of me after
all. Our congress thus far seemed to lack the proper hailing.” “You’re here for
me, aren’t you? Don’t see why I have to be the lesser man.” “The sur-prince
requires your talents and you react with the same uncouthness as a souslander?”

He roars another laugh, a full-bodied motion, and for a brief second, Tewfik’s
tectonic pectorals sneak out from under his apron. For an even briefer second,
Adelheid is overcome with that unmistakable wash of heat and stocking of breath:
shame. He recognises that in this place, this man is the one wielding
condescension; he also recognises he does not necessarily dislike it.

“This may be the lower capital, but everything down here’s still the souslands
to you high folk. ‘Sides, you showed no respect when you cracked open the clouds
and claimed everything beyond them.”

Adelheid’s face twirls into a frown as a tooth draws blood. He did not come here
to discuss the politics of suzerainty with a direct subject, much less be
insulted by one. Yet, his requests and requirements outweigh any effort he wants
to put into backtalk.

“Anyway, do you want my respect or my services?” “Pardon?” “Choose: I get all
humble and bend the knee. Or… I give what you need.”

This whisper invites silence – it takes Adelheid aback, takes him back, to the
trysts in the antechambers with Mergal, his first, with whom he, for once, was
never the one in charge. Growled in the same, low way he had – and though there
were two anvils of distance between them, he could feel as if lips brushed his
ear.

Again does an incisor reach down, though to inhibit a different score of
feelings this time. “I am here to commission you.” His voice does not betray the
wavering beneath – at least, he hopes it doesn’t. In a last-ditch effort to
reassert his dominance, he slams down an embellished coffer on the anvil – two
cupped hands below an antler’s horns, a single feather above the surroyal.
Adelheid’s personal heraldry. He opens it, revealing the glowing stone inside.

“Wow, got your hands on some go-inon, eh?” Adelheid bats an eye. “What is…
go-inon?” “Not much. What’s going on with you?”

All Adelheid can do is stare in disbelief at Tewfik’s wide, proud smile. This
man is completely unpredictable. The blacksmith does not wait for Adelheid to
give permission or for him to recover from that really good joke and grabs the
coffer, letting his index finger move over the prince’s thumb, marking it with
soot.

Tewfik whistles. “This is… Scoria of the Heavens, right? Never seen it myself,
but I read about it while studying in Hűtő Vödör. Didn’t think it would give
light, that’s special. You ever been to the Vödör, prince? Probably not, I bet
you hardly ever leave Ascens.”

Adelheid uses his divine right in the best way possible: getting the
conversation back on track. “Its luminosity is the least impressive of its
qualities. Enhancing a blade with the Scoria produces a sword nigh unbreakable,
aside from an ever greater side-effect.” “What would t—“ “It turns the metal
into a colour which has never been seen before.”

The excitement on Tewfik’s face could be accurately recorded with all of the
imperial units of measurement. It were the offers like these that made the craft
worthwhile, when the control over fire and steel – already arcane in its
exigencies – bordered on the magical by adding the rarest of materials.
Something in the glint of Tewfik’s eyes, however, messaged that this alone would
not satiate hands.

“Why do you need me to do it?” “Simple: your reputation precedes you. And this
task I cannot entrust to my personal smiths.” “Picking strangers over staff,
huh? You must be planning something big. I’ll do it, because I wanna see this
new colour. On one condition.” “Which would that be?” “You’re going to wait here
with me till I’m done.” “Agreed.”

It was the most practical solution, as Adelheid could not be seen returning to
his post missing his family sword, but the immediacy in his response forewent
any claims to natural social conduct; the mouth outruns the mind, and it seems
no trapped tongue will stay still.

Perhaps the heat had molten away his icy demeanour, but the prospect of spending
time with an impressive craftsman who refused to recognise his authority didn’t
seem unappreciable. It helped that Tewfik was exceedingly ruggedly handsome
–light brown hair brushed over his scalp and kept in place by the permanent
abundance of sweat, thick lips and a crooked nose, shoulders that looked
perfected by another blacksmith.

“Mind if I take this?” the blacksmith grinned as he drew Adelheid’s blade from
its scabbard, the underlying suggestion drawing his breath as well. Look at that
fool.

It was the one thought that perpetuated Tewfik’s mind as he toyed, teased, and
dealt with his oppressor. Commandant-Exodant – commander of the exodus – as if
leaving the cloud kingdoms wasn’t the most disastrous thing to happen to the
earth. There were no ‘sousfolk’ till your armies rained from the sky ten years
ago. The memory of brown wings, white skins, and bloody spears, still as fresh
as the scar above. Your ego matches your wingspan, vulture, going around like
you truly own the place. Trying to involve me in your machinations like I hadn’t
just finished a sword that will end in the throat of one of your troops.

For someone who belongs to the folk closest to the sun, Adelheid is unnaturally
pale. This uncanniness occurs in the behaviour and faces of royalty as well:
stainless, featureless in how unflawed they are, ever looking down. Vultures
compare themselves to angels, a monster they invented. Their armour bears
iconographies of the right to rule: the eye of an eagle above a horizontal wing
for the infantry, birds of prey upon a rat for the winged cavalry.

Tewfik is well familiar with the symbolism and the construction of Alturan
armours. After all, he was forcibly sent to Hűtő Vödör, where the new Alturan
smithing school had replaced The Buildings, to learn their crafting techniques,
as he’d be in their service from now on. The Alturan history of metallurgy is a
military one, written and put to good use by a nation of predators. However,
conqueror and subjugated both exist in the same binary; like a clock it will
strike back like a pendant. Weapons will mark any flesh, and if knowledge is
power, then what the smith knows will kill.

“For repair jobs and enhancements like this, we don’t melt down the blade and
reforge it: that’d be too wasteful and too time-consuming. Instead, we put it in
the bloomery. This heats up the metal to a temperature where it doesn’t melt,
but it does start to soften – blooming – making it easy to work with.” Tewfik’s
voice is instructive and deceptively friendly, like a trader spinning stories to
increase the price of an antique for the interested buyer. “I do not know of
such a process in my homeland. Fascinating.” “Oh, for sure. Altura’s got
sunspots to do the melting for you. Down below, we take things slow.”

Tewfik adds a wink to the last sentence, Adelheid responds in kind by biting his
tongue. Heh, sucker.

In Minden Ugyanazon – the name for the lower capital before branded Ascens –,
there is a saying that goes: “the strangest rituals guarantee the strongest
swords.” Any smith will yell till dawn about why their furnace is the greatest,
though no explanation actually lies in the furnace itself, but in the way it is
prepared.

All smiths tame the same flame and bend the same steel, but superstitions,
idiosyncrasies, and folktales will determine if a wool, silk, or hemp cloth is
used for cleaning, or at what angle the hammer should land. Tewfik, for
instance, believes striking the fire with a wet towel prevents cracks from
running too deep when the smelt hardens. Afterwards, he inserts the blade into
the furnace, making sure it slots into the grooves, and emits a sigh. He puts
the towel on the anvils and begins to remove his apron.

Covered in soot and sweat, his chest is a rippling field of water and work and
it is approaching Adelheid. “You should undress, too.” “E-excuse me?” Still
standing behind the anvil table, it barely succeeds in hiding the new heat
travelling through his hips. “Oh, blooming raises the temperature by a lot. That
shining princely armour of yours will turn you into dross if you decide to leave
it on. You can try and tough it out, but this will take a few hours.”

Adelheid is unsure what Tewfik means with ‘this’. Nevertheless, he concedes that
he has nothing to be ashamed of, nor that he is opposed to the route things are
going as they are. He gingerly undoes the clasps keeping his flat breastplate to
him, and the two halves crash to the floor. Covering the chest of the mightiest
man in two skies was nothing more but a flimsy, gold-hemmed tunic. And when two
dirty hands ripped and tore it asunder, nothing anymore was.

Adelheid’s tongue produces no sound, as no protest could be found behind it. The
prince waited for the taller man to say anything, mouth open to receive.
Tewfik’s eyes travel across the grounded vulture before him, his brown wings
wrapped around like the most brittle shield. He brushes them aside with ease,
exposing his lithe, alabaster torso, and lets his grip find home on his jaw.

“I’d much prefer primmer hands touch me.” “You’re way too clean. You haven’t
experienced anything.” “Kiss me already.” “I will dirty you.”

Their mouths come to lock and all keys have been thrown out. The smith’s tongue
dominates the prince’s with a ferocity spurred by retribution – he tastes the
blood drawn earlier, and he thinks Good. There is no battle for control, no
dominance to be wrestled; Adelheid is powerless to mount any defences, all he
can do is relish in the bittersweet taste of subordination’s onset. Tewfik
explores the confines of his mouth like a jailor inspecting a prisoner, the
fallen monarch’s once-silver tongue has been turned into the gold of silent
moans. He breaks away a bare inch, and Adelheid’s tongue hangs from his lips in
desperation. Tewfik’s eyes look down at him – condescend him – and he can only
grovel in his gaze upward.

I have him where he deserves to be. I have him where I want. He wants it.

“Know fully well, vulture, that this is retaliation. This is humiliation, I will
make you humble.”

Adelheid nods, panting like a hound, and feels the drool pouring from above.
Into his mouth, lapping it up like a dog. He swallows, his pride cascades with
it, the last impediment before his lust. Drips overflowing land on his bare
chest, and he instinctively scoops them up to drink. Tewfik takes note of the
pleas in his golden eyes and spews into his mouth. The spit he is given becomes
Adelheid’s own. The soot-covered hand on his jaw belongs there, the thumb
sliding into his mouth must be sucked. Then. like a hook, it pulls him in for
another kiss. The bite on his bottom lip sends thunder through his feathers, the
rainstorm overwhelms him, his mind clouded, he cannot weather the elements.

“Good boy.” Tewfik playfully slides his free hand over the monarch’s heaving
chest, leaving black trails of where he’d been touched, revealing where he will
be touched next. “Ha… Ah…. I…” “Yes?” “I want… to accept you…” “I thought all
dominions were accepted in the commandant-exodant’s realm.” “I’m not… hunh…
talking about that…” Adelheid’s attempt at interlocution comes as a last stand
before the full surrender – they both know what he’s talking about, but for
someone as he, there is a shameless vulnerability in stating it outright. That,
however, is exactly what Tewfik wants him to do.

“Say it.” “I want to suck your cock.” “Good boys ask for permission.” “….let me
suck your cock.”

The muscular man takes a strident seat on the anvil table and gestures widely at
his pants. “In Minden Ugyanazon, we have a saying: ‘Those who want, must work.’”
Taking the jab and the hint, Adelheid drops to the floor and crawls before him,
beginning to pry off his workboots. Satisfaction briefly turns to surprise as
Tewfik feels a foreign wetness over his toes. He looks down to see Adelheid
kissing and massaging his feet, and chuckles.

“So, the prince becomes a dog. You won’t be able to lick off the soot, but feel
free to try.”

The kowtowed royal rises to his knees and rests his face on the crotch of
Tewfik’s pants. He rubs his cheeks against him, feeling the warmth and the girth
and the excitement. His breath clamours for his cock. He moans into the fabric,
licks it, as his long fingers slide off the pants to free his new lord. In this
moment, he is given the unknown: submission. To step down from his throne as
ruler and fawn beneath it as servant is apocryphal to his dynasty, to what he
has achieved – a cloudless empire – and it feels so fucking good.

His cock springs free, not yet fully hard. Adelheid places himself beneath it,
attending to it as it lays upon his face. The smith, towering from above, looks
at quite the amazing sight: the lord-conqueror of his homeland, kneeling beneath
him, his wings that normally span the podiums he speeches from now folded neatly
behind his back, his face in ecstasy as he kisses and licks his dick. The
heaviness of Tewfik’s breath grows along with his cock until it stands at full
attention. Eight inches tall and, apparently, bigger than a handful for
Adelheid. He grasps it with both gloved hands and begins to stroke, mesmerised
by its girth. He is encouraged to rapidity by the low moans above him.

Tewfik feels everything the prince does to him and the purpose behind them – his
movements over his topography, intent on finding out how far they can go. He
feels his dedication to the play waver; wanting to put him in place and wanting
more are opposite sides of the same coin, and it stops to matter on which it
lands. Politics become subject to pleasure. The silk over Adelheid’s fingers
tickle and conduct him and he groans in tandem with the strokes. Hungry hands
start at the base and rise to the very top, an ascension leaving crumbs of
carnality in their wake, then come back down for more.

A trickle leaves the tip. Adelheid’s thumb, still stained with the first touch
between the two men, moves to soak it up. Such gentle fabric over the sensitive
head draws a loud moan from Tewfik’s throat. Looking away from his cock for the
first time in minutes, Adelheid sees Tewfik’s tectonic chest, rising and falling
and wet; his hair, dishevelled by hands going through it; his eyes, hotter than
any forge, demanding he come up here. He does so.

“Wouldn’t you say I’m at a disadvantage?” “Am I not exactly where you want me?”
“There are other places you can take me, prince.”

The temperature of the room forms no objection to the closeness of bodies –
writhing against each other, a desperate exchange of heat and fluids to create
more. Adelheid’s hands pushes on Tewfik’s cock as if slowly inserting a blade
into a scabbard, similar to the tongue pushing down his mouth. Two deft hands
remove the last obstruction, the prince’s longskirt undone and cast aside, his
modesty revealed.

“Ah, so this is the royal sceptre.” “Sh-shut up…” “Ha, fair enough. Go grab the
clove oil. It’s on the shelf.”

As Adelheid turns to browse the different jugs of oils, he suddenly feels his
accidental lover’s body between his wings, length pressed against his back, his
hand on his ass, and another sneaking around to his yet-unattended cock. The
lips pressed against his jaw tell him “don’t mind me”, which he absolutely does
not, but it makes reading labels substantially harder. Distracted by the fingers
circling back and front, the letters on the labels become an ineligible blur, he
has a tough time finding the correct vessel. Then, as if in realisation,
Adelheid chuckles.

“Your handwriting is awful.”

The kissing in his neck turns to a muffled laugh.

“Fair enough. Fair enough. It’s this one,” Tewfik points at the second jar from
the left. Adelheid proudly presents it as a gift, a tribute, a next step, and
Tewfik rewards him with a slow stroke across his lips. Tewfik picks up the man
and sits back down with him, placing him atop his lap, his cock, leaning against
his, both sticking out from his thighs. Like how a tributer is paid back a
portion of the ore raised, so is Adelheid given his share of the resource.

And share, they will. Oil fuels fire, which returns to Tewfik’s voice: “Begin,”
he commands. Pouring oil on both their members, Adelheid fails to stifle a gasp
at the sudden, slick sensation. Putting the jar aside, he leans forward and
reserves a hand for Tewfik and for himself, resuming the handjob, though this
time much more included in the movement. Being on display while serving Tewfik
is an entirely new though welcome sensation, a private performance turned
interactive. The sounds they make – the wet slicking, their ragged moans and
loud sighs – do not outdo the crackling of the forge, the last silencer on their
louche activities keeping the outside world uninformed. Then, one sound does.
Adelheid’s fixation on their cocks distract him from Tewfik dipping his index
and middle finger in the jar of oil. He notices too late when he reaches around
and presses into his ass, elating a pleasurable yelp.

The artisan moves carefully and precisely, as if a potter spreading the insides
of clay. The massage on his prostate won back any head-start (heh) Adelheid
might have had on bringing Tewfik to his peak, the most explicit iteration of
the old Alturan tale about the hare and the turtle warning against hubris. Pride
comes before the fall, making way for pleasure, and the imminent lapse is most
welcome.

Perhaps he had hoped too soon, as it is Tewfik’s hips that begin to buck and
spasm, meeting the delicate prince’s grip in welcoming finality. He grunts,
loudly, and holds on for dear life on and in Adelheid’s ass.

“I… shite. Ah, ahhhh…!!”

Adelheid needs no clearer signal to the approaching orgasm, sacrificing his hand
to which he drew in his own to better pleasure the subject before him. Massaging
the head with his left and applying a rolling pressure to the base of the shaft
with his right, a technique which had he been taught personally by Mergal in his
boudoir, he causes Tewfik’s eyes to widen and his breath to stop. Voicelessly,
he cums, into Adelheid’s receiving cupped hand. Seven seconds of this impressive
display – one man was counting, the other lost track of time –, of cum splashing
against hands, against hips, one strand even slips through his hand and landed
on Adelheid’s chest. It softens against him, still hard, he regrets they
couldn’t have come together, but goading him to ecstasy is a task that rewards
itself. A new kind of noblesse oblige he could come to like.

A low, sobering sigh comes from his opposite – he meets Tewfik’s return to the
conscious world with wide eyes and licking fingers.

“Did I do well?” “You can say… and do that… again…” “If you are good for a
second time, I shall!” The eagerness he so desperately had tried to hide is now
audibly     earnest and everywhere. “Not so fast, prince… Look at you, you’re
all messy. I think you’ve earned a bit of cleaning. Wait, hold on, that was
clever but it’s the complete opposite of what I said I’d do to you. Ugh. Never
mind.”

Any enjoyment Adelheid could have chuckle at after this kooky tangent is
replaced with a sense of immediate disappointment as he feels – or stops feeling
– Tewfik’s fingers inside of him. Seeing him grab the wet towel next to him
pouring it with the remainder of the jar’s contents, however, fills him with a
sense of curiosity and excitement, tasting a new food, inundated into new ways
of bliss. Like a bowtie on a present, he wraps it around Adelheid’s verticality,
tying a loose knot with one-hand.

“That was the last of my clove, so you better enjoy this.” “I have to say, you
souslanders are a much inventive bunch.” “Vultures live their life eating scraps
– I’ll show you a real meal.”

The euphemism of spur climbing is invoked here – a lumberjack wraps a wire
around a tree and uses it for balance, shimmying it up along as he climbs it.
Pulling at the ends of the cloth, Tewfik guides it up and down the trunk of his
temporary attendant while adjusting the tautness with a pleasurable rhythm. The
short-lived resurgence of Adelheid’s colonial haughtiness turns canine once
more. Overloaded with stimulation, his head shoots back, his chest shoots up,
tongue escapes his mouth. His pelvis becomes uncontrollable as pleasure
reservoirs in his cock, dams waiting to burst.

“There’s a reason smiths use silk for their cloth.” “U.. Uhn…. Mmmhrah… Ahhh…
AHH…. I’m… I’m… Going to…”

Before Adelheid finishes his thought, before his eyes roll back into his head,
before the onset of orgasm can wrack the remains of his coherence, the
coquettish smile on Tewfik’s face preludes the Loki-like mischief, the cloth
tightens, interjecting him.

“Wh… Oh… No.. Please… Oh please I need to.” “I won’t let you. Until I hear you
beg for the same mercy you failed to show my countrymen.”

Still in their roles, but the sentimentality – and history – is clear in
Tewfik’s voice. They are monarch and marginalised in an occupation, fucking
enemies in a fake peace.

“…Before I beg, I am sorry.” “Don’t ruin the mood with meaningless diplomacy.”
“Haha, you are quite right…” Let us enjoy this moment before we return to
resenting one another.

Another tug on his cock shakes Adelheid out of his reverie, his orgasm bashing
against the obstruction.

“Please… I need to cum. Make me cum.” “More.” “I need to cum. Please. Please. Oh
my wings please please please please.”

The cloth releases and Adelheid is immediately  brought back to the precipice of
pleasure. Hours of revelling in the feeling of being subordinate sublimates as a
mental, perhaps psychic addition to raw physical pleasure. Hands free again,
Tewfik brings both to ushering out the best his conqueror has to offer – one
hand cupping and massaging his balls, the other fingering his mouth. Even in the
midst of what feels like an earthquake in the heavens, Adelheid remembers his
duty and gives his fingers the blowjob he never got to properly apply. He moans,
turning into a yelp, becoming a scream, as he empties over Tewfik’s chest. The
prince has fallen; he falls on his chest.

“Clean up. We’re done here.” “Oh. Yes, right.”

He begins to lick Tewfik clean, but is promptly stopped.

“I gave you what you needed. We’re done here, prince.”

Both men return to their original roles, backing away from the grand spectacle
of sexual theatre like you’d see in a sousland pleasure parlour, onto the
original, despondent tragedy of an Alturan amphistage. Tewfik silently imbues
the bloomed metal with precious material as Adelheid sadly, but knowingly,
dammit does he know, looks on. If this seems anticlimactic, it wasn’t; this
tryst amidst inward war was a surge that happened because of it, but did nothing
or can do anything to remove it. Both men know this, and they made use of it,
and now it’s over.

His brown wings spread wide across the podium, he brandishes his colour-new
blade before his people. A beam of sun refracts against it – equally unique in
colour. An act of divinity, the popularity and legitimacy of Adelheid the
Undenied, Commandant-Exodant of The People of Cel D’altura, Who Ordered the
Skies to Open, is concretised further, much to the dismay of his political
opponents. Adelheid, however, experiences a feeling as unknowable as the hue his
sword has taken on, untranscribable into any proper emotion. Adjacent to loss,
below regret, above duty, who knows where in the field his mood is situated. He
wanted more, but what he desired was sexual intimacy, supremacy, untenable in
the long scheme of things. Adelheid, the heightest in a hierarchy he governs,
misses someone above him.

The morning after Tewfik returns to his workshop, he is welcomed by a newly
bought flask of clove oil. A note reads “From your dog”. He lets out a chuckle
without a smile and heats up his beloved forge, forced to produce weapons for
whom he hates, working overtime for those who will rise up against them.

“The Dynasty has brought civilisation to the lowest corners of the galaxy. The
truth of history fixates on our technology, our culture, our compassion. Yet, as
you well know, there are some who would reject our native kindness. The Mutiny
happened on this day, six years ago, an atrocity of betrayal. 13 of our
discovered planets gripped their swords and slashed our Throats. They must be
made to understand that only mercy will be met with mercy. And we will teach
them through you, recruits, as you will be made merciless.”

Six years ago, I enlisted in the military. Two years later, I graduated as a
pilot. Both ceremonies had the exact same set-up. Marshal-of-stars Goldenlove
reading the same speech from a sheet of paper (even mistakenly saying “six
years” again), a proud Ebru beside me mouthing along with the speech, Eeves
smiling and waving despite the fierce scowl I shot him. Even the cheap plastic
chairs that hurt my ass were exactly as I remembered. The only difference was
that this time around, fewer seats were occupied: 87. 87 people didn’t survive,
and none of their families were eligible for any recompense or grief leave
simply because they were only recruits.

I had signed up for the glory, but two years is a long time to be disenchanted
with dying for a cause. The sorrow and hate and love I felt when I first chose
my callsign had morphed into an indifference toward death and a jaded
predilection toward survival. After all, The Deeming Coordinate cares more about
organising funerals than awarding medals.

Still, I fought for them.

>Incoming call: OPERATOR EVERGREEN ACCEPT  Y/N

>Y

“Eeves? What’s up?” “I had to chime in and congratulate my favourite pilot. You
really earned that promotion.” “Only took half a decade, but it feels good to
fly pink hearts. They look good on Strawberries-in-White.” “I’m sure they do.
Hey, I just checked on Ebru. Um… those two hours won’t be enough.”

>Incoming reprimand: PERSONAL CHATTER FORBIDDEN DURING COMBAT OPERATIONS ACCEPT
>Y/N

“Tch, command’s on our ass. I’ll take this rep. Cable, come home safe.” “I will.
Thanks Eeves.”

>Call connection terminated Reprimand claimed by: OPERATOR EVERGREEN

…dammit.

>Arriving at operation zone

The ceremony was boring, and deep down I’m glad it got interrupted. I’d woken up
to a mailbox with a formal order of appearance and a discount coupon for the
drycleaner’s. Whirlwinded through the house in a panic to find my dress uniform
in my broom closet, stuff in a box labeled “whatever”. The laundry officer
almost gave me a reprimand for letting army apparel get that dusty. I looked in
the mirror and thought I looked wrong.

Those golds and whites and those awful shoulder tassels, they still felt foreign
on me. Like skin covering up flesh it didn’t match with. The wrong lines on a
map. It was, truly, a costume. I was a showpiece on display in a sheen-white
command center. The most important day in my career and only a steno writer
showed up. Goldenlove’s monotonous, whiskeyed voice didn’t make me feel any
better either.

“Pilot Cable, your accomplishments in the previous 328 runs, battles, and
skirmishes have been noticed by The Dynastic Succession of Moonless Skies. As
such, The Deeming Coordinate raises you in rank. You are pronounced vicegerent,
bringing you closer to the stars we’ve named, the moons we’ve taken, and the
planets we’ve discovered. Your worth is proved, yet may your ascent never slow.

Ahem. Uh. Yes. The Dynasty has brought civ–“

The clinical glow of command fell to shades of emergency. The on-screen jpeg
banner of the Dynastic flag was promptly mouse-dragged away, then replaced with
some badly-rendered star maps, strategic-looking troop placements, and a
rotating animation of our military emblem that took up half the screen. An
operator called in, fresh coffee on his shirt; he frantically summarised:
Mutineers in the Brim Dividing sector close to capital planet, two
ships-of-the-light accompanied by a G-type, one Throat destroyed, all available
pilots scramble for battle, I recognised the name: Levrette.

The Marshal-of-stars, cooped up under that long cloak of his, we call him
Captain Curtains in the barracks, turned to me with eclipses in his eyes. A dark
stare that said: Go on. Give us a reason to regret this decision. And I gave
them exactly that: my first act as vicegerent was sprinting  to the hangar where
Ebru was. I found her praying in her cockpit. Of course she’d already prepped
for launch, my throat turned dry and bitter. I knew

“Cable! There you are. You ready to get some glory? By the way, those hearts
decals look incredible on Strawberries! Congra–”

“Ebru.” Deep breath. “We lost Levrette.” The name of her station made tears well
up behind her goggles. I wanted to give her a hug so badly, but my new rank
meant I had to give her ‘grief leave’ first.

“For those who have fallen defending our stars, the Dynasty awards heaven. For
those they have left behind, the Dynasty awards rest. For two hours, you may
keep this highest sacrifice in rememb…rance…

I’m sorry. I’m so sorry, Ebru. I have to fight. You stay here. I’ll call Eeves
to check on you.”

Her punching booms through the hangar. Turning on my engines hardly drowned out
the sound.

 >Dynastic Command order HDE 226868: PILOT CABLE SYNCHRONISE >ACCEPT  Y/N

They haven’t even updated me in the system.

>Y

Consent confirmed. Connecting PILOT Cable with DYNAST Strawberries-in-White.
>Please do not think bad thoughts.

>Neural draft initiated Reciprocating… Relationship established.

>Cable, you’re sad.

Yeah.

>Your new position as VICEGERENT cannot afford emotional instability. Risks:
>material losses, reduced glory, unwise casualties. Recommended:
>HYPERSYNCHRONISATION

Hypersynchronisation?

>HYPERSYNCHRONISATION is a combat mode accessible by rank VICEGERENT and up.
>DYNAST unit temporary overrides neural boundaries for improved precision,
>greater combat prowess, and heightened strategic decision-making skills.
>Reduces probability of shameful displays by 71,42%. ACCEPT  Y/N

What’s my count at?

>Checking reprimands: TWO. (Updated FOUR (4) minutes ago.)

Wait, what? I thought Eeves took that last reprimand?

>REASON: Failure to prioritise The Dynasty over sentimental trifles Suggested
>course of action: HYPERSYNCHRONISATION ACCEPT Y/N

Should’ve known. Well, I already made an ass of myself and I’m short a wingman.
Do I even have a choice?

>Consent confirmed. We do this for the sake of love, Cable.

…

>Reinstating independence… PILOT Cable returned from control haze. Initiating
>docking sequence… Success. Arrived at: Back home.

“Thanks for coming home. You make any glorious memories?” He succeeds at a
smile, he looks good.

I didn’t always live in the Clouds. I used to live with Ebru in the Breezes, a
one-room loft with only three walls. Before that, we lived together in the Acres
with granddad Ashwin, the grass through the floor tickling our feet and the
pollen making it hard for him to breathe, coughing as he taught us to speak
Dynastic. From A to B to C. An alphabetic life. Looking for the next letter, one
at a time. E for Evergreen, the first person in The Dynasty I could trust. Who
didn’t deny or ignore that I was hated. Who stopped the bleeding and pressed me
against his chest.

K for kiss. P for petjel, spending two paychecks on fresh black market
vegetables – bora, taugé, white cabbage, dagoe leaf – and surprising Eeves with
the best dish there is after he was released from the hospital. R for reprimand,
my first, after my pre-promotion background check dug up some dirt: Ashwin was
black. They’d always known this. They just wanted to shame me.

“Honestly? I don’t remember much.” Both food and conversation taste stale right
now. “Ha, don’t I know it? Some battles just happen too fast. Good thing we
record everything, huh? I’ll see if I can get some copies of the footage. We can
watch it together.” He struggles to bring the fork to his mouth.

The promotion to vicegerent put me at ‘V’. Between that and the last letter, S,
I can´t find any T or U words to situate me. Following countless orders keeps me
grounded, keeps me useful. The Dynasty, I know this, cares about my actions, not
about me. Or rather, it’s all the same to them. They hail me as their tool and
that’s my call to arms. It doesn’t upset me to be a subject – it keeps my home
and everyone in it safe.

No, it upsets me that I agree to everything that’s involved. I’m the soldier
with a reprimand for a contradictory heritage. Have to work twice as hard for
half the recognition. Wouldn’t it be great to be something else? ‘Just Cable,
that really good pilot that will kill for you so isn’t that enough?’ Extancy
independent of institution would mean independence of payroll. Sometimes I wish
I could afford to investigate what that’d be like. But Eeves needs the money.

“Hey, you’ve been kind of quiet. Something wrong?” There’s some stray rice
kernels around his mouth. “How many died?”

He slowly wipes the rice from his mouth, almost strategically placed to buy
himself some time to answer.

“…183. But you prevented many more.” “How do you know that? I wasn’t there.”
“What? You basically led the defence.” “No, yeah, I was there. Inside of
Strawberries. But at the same time, I was locked away? It’s a blur.”

Eeves suggested I moved in with him after the graduation ceremony. He’d been
smiling at me, distracting me with his rough face, unable to contain his
excitement. My answer: “but will you be safe?” His eyes, gray and soft,
moonlight for a while, widened with regret. He shows me love and I panic about
how I’d pose a threat to him. He was visibly overcome with realisation, suddenly
aware of, suddenly responsible for every historical development that forged the
knife of the ghostly wound that haunts me.

“That’s just called being in a cockpit, Cable. Ha ha.”

His eyes just now, exactly like then.

“Ahh… Ngm… Good stars, Cable. Where’d that come from?” “I missed you, is all.”
“You never do, well, that, after combat.” “Yeah. Well. Feel special.” “If you’re
not going to say much, get back to using that mouth for other things” “Heh.”

“Let me go on top.” “Wait. Eeves. Are you sure? That hurts you.” “I visited the
sauna today. Moving doesn’t hurt as much. I’m fine. Let me do this for you.”

“We gotta stay home more often.” “Can’t. Rebellion.” “Jeez. Sourpuss, much? Hey
robot, if I press the button on your back, maybe that frown will go away?”
“Don’t you dare tickle me.” “Too late!”

>IFF indicates all Mutineers in immediate vicinity confirmed dead. PILOT Cable
>mission kill count: 188. -3,77% mission efficacy.

Did I do the right thing?

>Objectively, you acted converse to Dynastic interests. You should not have told
>PILOT Ebru.

But she’s my sister.

>And your sister is a subject of the Dynasty and a PILOT to a DYNAST, both
>exceed ‘FAMILY’ in rank. Moreover, since your promotion, you have not shown any
>substantial improvements. You are currently: SHAMEFULLY AVERAGE. Is something
>the matter, Cable?

No.

>I have direct access to your neural processes. You are lying, Cable.

We’re on patrol. You’re not my therapist.

>Correct. Therapy sessions end. Our relationship does not. To meet requirements
>of the glory tables for the VICEGERENT rank, PILOT Cable must show an increase
>of 23,55% mission efficacy before the next fortnight. DYNAST
>Strawberries-in-White is worried you will drag us down.

I won’t.

>You have yet to prove it, Cable. I have put in a request for a cut in your
>monthly income. OPERATOR Evergreen’s scleroderma requires frequent pain
>alleviation. These visits to the sauna, and the uncovered medical expenses,
>cost money. Perhaps a consequence will help you do better.

But I’m only at two reprimands!

>Irrelevant. Reason for consequence is motivational, not punitive.

“I messed up so bad.” “Cable? What’s up?” “I’m sorry, Eeves. Cable out.”

JOURNAL – Commander-Exodant Balthasar // Date: Day of Gratitude

Throats, officially ‘The Reminding Vows’, but called as such as they resemble
the oesophagus, are media stations orbiting planets discovered by The Dynasty.
They control radio waves and spread revised and more truthful information to
virtually any electronics. I was on an inspection tour for underperforming
civilians the other day and it touched my heart that even household toasters now
emit our messages. From the bowels, out the mouth.

Look up any time of day and you’ll see them. Doesn’t matter where you are, as
long as you’re on a planet bannered with eagles. They bear the Dynasty’s
beautiful iconographies: the tearful eye atop a sharp horizontal wing and the
eagle with opened talons swooping down on a rat. The former design can be found
on documents and edifices concerned with ‘civilian’ affairs (a vernacular term;
there no longer exists such a concept): the tiered ration system, forms for
predetermined housing or genealogical healthcare, the Noble Redirection offices
for those unable to enlist, that sort of thing. The latter emblem you’ll see
stickered to military or imperial avocations, so, matters of daily life.

We don’t show the true Dynastic flag to the discovered planets.

I bring this up because I had never been shown around one. The Throat, Levrette
it is called, orbits the capital planet Lazlo, which had recently been demoted
to ‘recalcitrant’. As commander-exodant of the Brim Dividing sector, my duties
include the assurance of discipline throughout our heights, so they invited me
to help devise a new propaganda strategy. Assisting me was a woman named Ebru,
who had some clever ideas. Enlisting local leaders to spread the word instead of
sending it to them directly. Indeed, I suppose recent acquirements would trust
their own before they do the Dynasty.

I must admit, the sirens make it difficult to concentrate as I write this. They
seem to suggest we are under attack, yet who would be so foolish as to do s

JOURNAL END

Ebru would gladly lay down her life for The Dynasty. I took the same oath, but I
can’t remember if I held my fingers crossed. I tried doing that the other day,
but it didn’t go so well.

“Promotions have their benefits. You ever had ‘coffee’, sis? Scalding black
liquid? What even is this.” “It’s hot water and ground-up coffee beans. They’re
not actually beans, though, more like cherries.” “What’s a cherry?” “Like a
plant egg?” “Right. So if coffee is hot water and a solid, isn’t it a soup? I
should get soup discount on this.” “I guess?”

It’s been two months since the Levrette went down, since she overspent her grief
leave by 2 minutes and 37 seconds, since her second reprimand (we share the
first.) Then she was called into a briefing room, as the only survivor of the
Throat, she had to explain why she did. Why she survived. Treated as a spy, then
reprimanded again for failing to take off before combat ended. Since that put
her at three reprimands, she received a consequence.

“So. How’s the war?” “Uh, fine? Haven’t you been reading the newspapers?
Listening to radio? Watched TV? Looked outside?” “I just want to know how things
are going for you.” “Well. They just cut my pay for underperforming.” “That’s…
bad. What about Eeves?” “Haven’t told him.”

Eeves calls me into the bedroom. He needs help buttoning up his uniform. The
buttons are always so tight, I can’t, with my hands, he says. I’ll nod quietly,
tie his tie, he doesn’t say anything out of embarrassment. This is our mornings
together. Being sick means being a liability to the war efforts. It’s what’s
written on his personnel file. They assigned him to a non-combat post. Even
though he monitors me during missions, he’ll ask me how my missions go, out of
genuine interest and out of melancholy.

Once a week he visits the sauna. It helps with his scleroderma. The heat and
water helps him move better. He always calls me into the kitchen to watch me
open a pickle jar on his own. He’s so proud of it, but I can’t smile. This
morning he kissed me on the forehead, he’s so tall, and borrowed my paycard. I
prayed, not sure to whom, that there would still be enough money on there.

“Anyway.. What’s going on with you? Outside of wars, I mean.” I take a sip of
coffee. “Everything is outside of wars for me. They barred off Lacrimose Red. I
got kicked out of your squadron and have no station or war to return to. They
gave me a cubicle.” I burn my tongue. “That’s. I didn’t know. I’m sorry to hear
that. I could try and get you back?” I wave at my tongue. “Don’t bother. This is
your fault, you know. There was no reason for you to tell me before launch.” I
stop. “You’re my sister, you had a right to know–” “You’re also my squadron
leader. You should’ve kept your eyes on the war and your mouth shut.”

The thing about people ready to die is that change when they fail to do so.

S for sister. Hope she’ll talk to me someday again.

Eeves used to be my squad commander before he got sick. Five years my senior, he
flew pink hearts in the Shorebreaker, a magnificent emerald thing. They were
very chatty, often called in with Eeves to have a mid-flight conversation.
Strawberries would chide them both, but I’d turn them off. I knew Eeves before I
joined the military, though. Back in the Acres, grandpa was reading to us from
an old book. Millioenen-leed. The suffering of millions. It was just a bundle of
paper, not even bound or digitised, hand-scrawled in our language, not the
Dynasty’s. A car parked outside, our fence broke open, boots crushed grass
underneath. He looked at us, never more serious: Hide in the tunnel.

I could see the back of opa’s head and his balled fist and two new faces. A boy,
no older than sixteen, proud to be here, holding something. Behind him, hands on
his shoulders, a regent, wishing Ashwin a glorious Day of Gratitude. Hang this
up if you love The Dynastyc Succession. And if you don’t, hang it up so you
will. Evergreen handed him a poster and they drove off. We drew a moustache on
it later.

“Cable? Can I talk to you for a second?” “Sure. Yeah. What’s up?” “Did you… make
any big purchases recently? Anything I should know about? Repair costs? Did
Strawberries get damaged in the last skirmish?” “No, nothing. You’d have seen it
if I had.” “Yeah. Yeah, yeah I would have. I trust you, Cable, that’s why I’m
asking. I couldn’t go to the sauna today.”

My heart sinks so low. It falls from the surface of a planet and disappears into
a nebula.

“They cut my pay.” “They cut your pay.” “I haven’t been meeting the efficacy
quotas.” “You haven’t been meeting them…” “I’m sorry, Eeves.” “If you were this
wouldn’t happen.”

He looks at me, my uniform frenetically unbuttoned and an old Starstruck Bandits
band shirt underneath. I can see him trying to love me in this moment. He once
told me that the pain returns barely a day after he goes to the spa. His skin
starts to feel like it’s vacuum-packed. His knees buckle, his lungs fail more
with each day, every finger, the littlest knuckle, takes energy to move. It will
take a while for me to die like this, he told me, succeeding at another laugh,
the dimples around the mouth I kiss deeper than claw marks.

“You’ll be able to go next week?” “Sure. Can’t wait.”

This is my punishment for not giving myself up for the cause. For not knowing
how to work myself to death. For not absconding all matters but my death. The
Dynasty treats me as a calculator. A tool that produces numbers. If breaking,
cut open. Knives in my skin, hands pulling at what makes me work. Eeves.

U for understanding.

>Warning. Detecting unnecessary emotional hazards in VICEGERENT Cable. Do not
>think sad thoughts. Do not think in the non-standard language.

Why am I being judged?

>For insufficient performance and servitude.

Why do I need to perform and serve more for being from a ‘discovered’ planet?

>Sarcasm detected. Quit it. The Dynasty recognises culture and hegemony is
>difficult to replicate. The secondation protocols motivate non-Dynastic
>subjects to assimilate into the true norms.

Is that what I’m fighting for? The right of being secondary?

>YOU FIGHT TO BRING CIVILISATION TO THE WORLDS BELOW. FOR GLORY, INTEGRITY, AND
>HONOUR.

Clearly not mine.

>WARNING. CEASE DISSENT AT ONCE OR FACE CONSEQUENCES.

It’s all arbitration.

>THE DYNASTY DOES NOT JUDGE ARBITRARILY.

“HRNK. GHHHHAHNnKK. HRNNKKAAAAAAAAAAAAAA” “Cable, what’s wrong? CABLE?”

>Call connection terminated.

>PILOT CABLE SHOULD NOT BE LEFT UNSUPERVISED ANY LONGER COURSE OF ACTION:
>HYPERSYNCHRONISATION OVERRIDING BOUNDARIES

I DO THIS FOR THE SAKE OF LOVE, CABLE.

I wake up in the command room, strapped to a cheap plastic chair.

Goldlove’s footsteps echoed through me. This room’s acoustically designed for
intimidation, after all. Not for interrogation – we don’t take prisoners, but
fear keeps we soldiers humble. Each heel-clack felt like a shockwave, each
crunch of leather a pilebunker ready to discharge. Four minutes this goes on
for. All the operators, usually so enraptured with decrypting messages and
handling communication, are here, staring. I recognise a coffee-stained shirt.
Goldlove stops, turning to face me, his cloak whipping up a gust that hits me in
the face.

“Vicegerent Cable. You have had two months, sixteen days, and fifteen hours to
exemplify our trust in you. Our protocols require extra measures against
off-world blood, yet are we not benevolent to offer you a purpose to partake it
at all? We take you in, offer you civilisation and history, a pristine culture,
a chance to give the same to others who share your squalid origins. And how do
you repay us? You do not. We gave you a Dynast, we let it be piloted by you, and
now, it informs us of your thoughts of treason. You deigned to pump those
thoughts into our machines. A pity, and a disgrace; and you should well know The
Dynastic Succession of Moonless Skies does not take any pity on any disgrace.
Vicegerent Cable, how do you respond to your irreparable shame?”

The worst thing about this diatribe is that it’s finally a speech he did
prepare.

 Words are a bitter swallow, be they your own and left unsaid, or let into you
 by others. We can only know the world through words. The recipes of a favourite
 dish, the hellos and goodbyes at hospitals, the system that forsakes your
 blood. The world – that is, the space and time inhabited by people, subjects,
 and objects – shares vocabularies. The Dynasty’s improved truths, or
 pathologies, are blasted into airwaves by way of throats. They take up all the
 room meant for your own words. Your own thoughts. I think mine in another
 language, my tiny rebellion. Though I can say (heh) with certainty that not
 saying anything makes it easier to be spoken to. Little room to squeeze in what
 you have to say when the walls have been built to drown it out.

In this stillwind domination where everyone agrees, however, aberrate whispers
can whip up storms.

“Go fuck yourself.”

Ebru and I moved to the Breezes when grandpa Ashwin died. We’d both enlisted a
couple of weeks before, and The Dynasty graciously extended to us the
predetermined housing adequate to our blood. Eeves had tried granting us grief
leave, but this was cancelled by his father. Neither of us know where or when
his ashes were scattered. It was clear to us that The Dynasty killed him. He
didn’t have to raise us anymore, after all. We tried not to think about it.

Get used to this life, child They fly above ya, stay strong They own your life
now, child Can’t do what you want need done Can’t do what you want need done

Grandpa Ashwin taught me that song, long, long ago. It’s about things falling
apart and crumbling down. About a boy that never spoke. The brig’s got nice
acoustics. I listen to my own voice. I start listening to my own chuckle. I
wheeze, cough up some more blood, grab my ribs. Can’t remember the last time I
did that – laugh, that is. A revolution takes time and people, so when you have
neither, it’s a hilarious gesture. Propaganda of the deed? Not even. They told
me Strawberries-in-White will have its AI wiped because I pumped bad thoughts
into its systems. At least that victory’s mine. That prick deserves it. Hope
they’ll never grows a self again. Wonder if I’ll be the first traitor to be
executed with a smile on my face.

Make you go and speak their tongue Make you theirs and teach you wrong

“Shut the hell up in there, Cable. Most traitors reflect in silenc—“

The clinical glow of the interior falls to the shades of emergency. Bootsteps
over linoleum tiles, panicking voices, spilled coffee destroying terminal
circuit boards. How does this empire even survive? It falls apart the moment
people go in against it. The roof collapses, starlight filters in. Then a
familiar face. Well, familiar angles. The unmistakable emerald coat of a Dynast.
The unmistakable deep smile of Evergreen appearing as the cockpit opens.

“You owe me so many trips to the sauna for this.”

“Aren’t they going to send people after us?” “Are you serious? They don’t have
the budget for that. I mean, you remember the plastic chairs?” “Yeah. They beat
me on one just now.” “Assholes. At least torture my sweetheart on something more
comfortable.”

“So, Cable, any ideas how to survive this post-breakout and post-treason?”
“Let’s go to the Acres. No one’ll come looking for us there.” “What, you wanna
start a farm or something?” “That sounds nice.” “Oh, does that mean we’re
returning to A?” “Yeah.” “Where was your little alphabet at before all of this?”
“Oh, U. For understanding that The Dynasty sucks.”

“Then V for viceregent, yeah? What’s it going to be till Z?” “Hmm… W for ‘We’.
Then X is… ‘Xcape’.” “That sucks.” “Y for Youneedtoshutup.” “Ha!” “Z for zalig.”
“What’s that mean?”

“Blissful.”

When a commenda was formed, a swan feather and a handshake, maybe a smile
between the two, officiated a single trading mission. (An unofficial finger
found its way onto a pair of eager lips, exploring) Outside that dusty Venetian
office, the sinking edifice becomes a feeling: hope, confidence’s pendant.
Though it is anxiety that stops its swinging back. One stayed precociously with
the wares, the other stayed with a silk heartache.

When I eat with you, I live with you. You loved with me sardines I brought from
the harbour, not as fat as the ones in Sicily, and the wine (and our sweat) made
our office warmer than summers. We made the gravest mistakes together, we let
our breaths wander farther than sighs of Mediterranean gales that make touch,
kiss, bite, taste saltier, thirstier. We have flavours to remember us by, savour
the aftertaste, replenish it soon. Mama said: life is food enjoyed together

Of us two, the one that remains is referred to as the ‘sedentary’. The house,
the room, the weight leaning against the doorway until you’re gone, then spins
inside to become a place to return to. Filled with soft worries and quieter
prayers, the sedentary then (the personhood, not the place, though can one even
point out a difference?) writes love letters at a cheap desk. The hourglass
counts how long it takes to be away.

The sand of the glass, tragic in purpose, and the grains of ancient Roman roads,
make horses whinny, make eyes tear up, made the time I hesitated seem illogical,
when I could not bring myself to hold mama’s hand while her ankles thickened.
Reasons piled up, like the linens wrapped around old silverware, copper
candelabrae. Cicero couldn’t explain, not with his best oration yet, no
humanitas can clarify, why the councils organised around wealth won’t spend it
on whom objectively need it more.

We pled for alms; none would let us grieve. You, rich, loving, but regrettably
not enough; we sent me out to fetch the lucre, an avarice that we made business,
called it commenda, following the well-travelled roads of capital. The sounds of
thrumming silver, spilling into curling hands desperate for food and health, for
the simple, final dignity of knowing closure, these become the echoes where life
once was, bouncing off walls of sad and preventable deaths. We raised funds for
a small goal: keep her house.

Property should be abolished, for many reasons. One is that people become tied
to their luxuries. Another is the attachment of luxury to people, that lingering
soul shapes one dead as alive again, memory imbues the blankets she’d slept
under, but only in the form of the emptiness they hid. The contract was quilled
in swans with awful ink: arranging the sale of goods between party A & B among
which the sheets that still carried her scent, to be delivered wagonway, far
away from Venice. The profits: split 66/33 between the two of us, although we
would spend all of it on the same.

The sedentary funds the trip, arranges transportation, signs the contract. The
one that travels with the goods has to venture into dangers (weather and bandits
and disease are the great killers). The commenda is a gambit with little hope of
success or profit, and the sedentary beats a captive heart in a house empty with
worry. Account for things that can go wrong, and everything will be imagined
wrong, independent of competence. With no reply to the love letters, empty
pigeon talons, any knock on the door becomes less and less of a hand you want
most: bills, eviction, family intent to do wrong. Then those familiar bootsteps
release a heart held hostage.

Upon return, there is a handshake and a dance, a temperamental embrace, the
clock strikes again, spurred by the moment of return, of inhalation, of letting
anxiety lay down like a dog a summer later. Persons return emptier things:
houses and inkwells, even purses, those thrums now a weight of salvation. Money
is an origin of troubled risks, most preventable, schemed and demanded by the
coldness of institutions. Inexcusable coins calcify while life goes on and goes
away, leaving people to deal with financial hollows (and let’s not pretend these
are not the exact same as emotional ones). But even abandoned to their own
surviving, people will.

And for what it’s worth, I really believe this, so will you.

“Hey, I made dinne–uhhhhhhh what did you do.”

The workshop, usually equipped with machines and materiel for the making of
magical media, now also has a hole punched through reality. It’s seeping copious
amounts of slime and that is definitely the worst thing a trans-dimensional
doorway can do. Thematically, it’s the next logical step when it comes to
Magicraft outfitting, but remember: the act of surprise is a more honest compass
than the rational.

Amidst slime-time, perfectly acclimatised to the situation, is a goopy mess
vaguely shaped like a person. The only thing which makes them stand out against
the natural camouflage is the shimmering glass ball they’re holding. It beads
beautifully, beading pristine reflections of every cubic centimeter of muck
stuck to the bottega. Upon closer inspection, the orb reflects the surfaces
covered by the slime, too, and the surfaces beneath those surfaces, everything
outside of the studio, flower fields, cities days away; the world held hostage
in a bauble. Perhaps because of this, it appears to be extremely fragile –
whatever holds it together has to push back against pressures internal and
external, constantly crammed between the weight of the world and that of
resignation and doubt.

Suddenly, an elongated, dripping arm with way too many joints juts out of the
portal, proceeding to scoop up slime, almost parent-like, including some of
which covering the sorcerer.

“Soo… mind telling me what that was about? Also what is that?” “Arm.” “What
about the portal?” “Cast spell ‘Slime dimension portal.’.” “There’s nothing
there but, well, slime. What’s that thing?” The assistant expertly whacks the
arm about to tear off the sorcerer’s face and instead wipes them gently with a
towel. This is one of a triptych of tasks they’re most needed for. “Glass orb.
Nothing special.”

Before the assistant gets to comment further, the arm reappears. As if out of
reprimand, it charges up and completes a powerful slapping combo inside the
workshop before disappearing eternally. The damage is done: the cookie jar is
destroyed, the medicine cabinet has lost its alphabetical arrangement, the
sorcerer has got a nasty bump on their forehead.

Through a loud sniff the sorcerer says, “ow ow ow okay maybe a bit special. The
arm gave it to me. It’s made from pleromic sands*, I think? You can only find
that in Slime Dimension.” “Why’s it called Slime Dimension if something that
ineffable can be found there? Seems reductive.” The assistant performs their
second-most requested task: applying a band-aid on one of the sorcerer’s
frequent, variform injuries. “Quantity over quality, I guess. To be fair, there
is a lot of slime.”

(*: WIZARD’S NOTE: Whatever is reflected in the glass made from pleromic sands
will capture its essence. As a result, once the vessel is shattered, this
consequentially removes from existence whatever it is reflecting. Your dad, your
dog, your dog’s dad. Nothing will remain! Exercise caution!)

A silent concern hangs between the two. The garishly-garbed magus, an awesome
although slightly clichéd sight, pomfs back down on their seat, glass ball
plucked between thumb and index finger. The metaphysically most important, most
breakable object in the world right now is being rolled casually across fingers,
four feet up from a hardwood floor. Their long sleeves and many rings do little
to hide th escars, but maybe those will disappear once dropped. The assistant’s
face is a steady waterfall of sweat, eyes pinned on orb.

The sadder one continues.

“Uh. So. I think I’m going to use it.” “Use it?” “Yeah! To destroy all life on
earth, I mean.” “Oh dear. May I ask why?”

“I’m world’s greatest sorcerer, who catalogued about fifty hitherto undiscovered
magical creatures and invented 69 – heh – new spells. I froze time in someone’s
brain while they slept so they could dream forever. Cast a glamour on the grains
of a poor man’s farm so the bread would feel more filling to his kids. I turned
husbands into beastmen for their wives and their lovers into wine (while
covering my own eyes with one hand). These are, I’d say the least, proof of
mastery and something for future troubadours to write lyricisms about. I know
this, I try not to be vain about it. I don’t feel like I have anything to be
vain about?”

“I haven’t been reaching deadlines because I can’t seem to magic my way out of
bed most days. The men and queens and anything in-betweens are happy with my
work. I can’t be happy with it or me. The, probably, mightiest sorcerer to have
ever lived feels powerless and sad. So, I did the reasonable thing of requesting
a world-ending orb from a capricious eldritch entity.”

“Speaking of things you did… did you forget your meds?” “I, ah…” “Yes?” “…yes.
Sorry.” “It’s fine. You’re fine.”

The assistant releases a sigh out of a dry, wry mouth. They grab a pill bottle
and a stray cookie off the floor, this is their third task, and hand them to
their depressed friend, who requires both and needs their listening ear. They
grab the most impractical-looking chair in the room, flip it around, and sit on
it backwards. The resulting sound is either creaking wood or a slowly-breaking
pelvis.

“I figured to just power through, make a living. I got stability but that turned
to anxiety. Wrong kind of routines, definitely. Then I hired you and that was
great. But that didn’t ‘esuna’ the mental illness.” “That spell only works on
status ailments, though.” “Yes? I’d say this is pretty ailing.” “No, like,
poison is an ailment. This is just… brains?” “Would be great if I had a better
pair. One that goes ‘damn wizard, gnarly magic + excellent robes.’” “Well, no
one’s perfect. But no one’s alone either. And there’s some great robes out
there.”

There does not exist any spell – yet? – capable of eclipsing the intensity of
the stare the sorcerer just cast at their assistant.

“You trying to say my robes are bad?” “I’m your assistant. This is assisting.
Assisting your fashion choices.”

The two laugh, smile, and resign to the mutual support and care between them.

“Soooo… Do you still want to use that thing to destroy the universe?” “Not
really. But I also super can’t dispose of it now. Guess, uh, I’ll hold onto it.
For safekeeping. Not as, like, ‘The Captor of Universality’ or ‘The Whimsy
Destroyer’ or whatever. I’m over that doomsday now. More like… a guardian?
Pretty cool mythos, the best sorcerer who protects the concept of existence. I
can handle that. Like, as a hobby.” “You out of your bender, then?” “I guess I
am. Sorry again. And thanks also.”

“Don’t mention it. Also thank god because this chair is killing my hips. Let’s
go and clean up this slime.”

“What?” says a man she loathes. She appeared on top of his sanded oakwood desk,
scattering pages of words he plagiarised from his students.

“…So, in conclusion, the current literature on the irrigation systems employed
by Sumerian farmers around 1700 BCE has underestimated the importance of the
smoothing effects of shod oxen’s trampling efforts, exaggerating the efficacy of
the eight-tier furrow system, which, while important, in no way accounts for the
shitty fart turd man — ”

Red-faced and breathless, the speaker blinks at the words. He finds an audience
blinking back at him. The speaker tugs at his collar and his clip-on tie falls
off.

“Excuse me. There, ah, seems to be a misprint.”

Washed up on stage, the man is too dry to spin it as a joke, and after two
clearings of the throat and three attempts to restart the sentence, as if
jumpstarting an impotent car, it is too obvious that he hasn’t memorised the
words. He excuses himself off-stage to the sound of a single pair of hands
clapping hesitantly, just once, before stopping. A woman witnessing this
disaster slowly recedes further off-stage, hiding herself, shoes showing, behind
the red velvet of backstage curtains, until she hears him finally marching away.
Both know very well that she’s the one who wrote that research speech for him.
She stayed up till 5 AM to do so, after he sent her an urgent email at 11 PM.
And, simply enough, in the dead of night, what’s on anyone’s mind worms itself
through social filters and splats down on print like a ladleful of gruel
(thankfully, she’d fallen asleep before any real expletives came to mind).

She treads carefully in escape, passing a number of pencil-biting and
nervous-ticked colleagues and curmudgeons waiting for their turn to prove they
have the most interesting thing to say tonight, about, for instance, the
influences of Sapphic poetry on the formation of the Hellenic league, a
re-examination of the names for coloured dyes middle chronology Mesopotamia
employed, and other grab-bag attempts at classicist relevance and
what-have-yous. Academia is a ship sinking in an ocean of sweat, and it smells
just as muffled.

Finally, the woman sees the land-ho of her predicament. The humming green of the
emergency sign and the hurrying figure, presumably leaving in the same manner
any other does. A symbol of universal danger, though it is never shown what this
nameless runner is running from. A beast, a fire, an army? That’s too specific,
isn’t it — these are things you could possibly face and fight and defeat. So,
what else to run from but himself? The figure is a sign is the signifier — and
he won’t be safe even when he’s left, because, paradoxical to his own existence,
he is required to remain in danger. Which is more or less what happens to the
woman, who finds herself staring at the disgraced professor.

After his embarrassing event, the dreadful postdoc supervisor chewed her out,
reprimanded her, insulted her in the way only an academic is capable of.
Avoiding slurs, the culpable words, while more poignantly wording their meaning,
making them seem as if it’s ultimately her fault. What she does is only an
unintentional reaction to him, but he isolates her in guilt.

Like a layered drink, men in hierarchies keep the tiers separated. The pitfall
of this horrific man is his dirty perspective: a diploma and a few awards feed
his lies that he understands the humanities. And so, to him, ‘learning about’ is
the same as ‘having transcended’. Any feminist scholar will tell you that the
history of science, since Roger Bacon’s first examinations of nature to this
meticulously self-aggrandised professor, operates on the assumption that to
understand is to conquer. A masturbatory principle, one which pardons
participation and denies involvement in the disciplines he has subjugated — it’s
in the name: ‘Master’s degree’ However, the humanities teach about the
fallibility of mankind, but fallible is the man who cannot first confront his
humanity. So for his blind spots and epistemic shortcomings, he penalised her:

“I’m cutting your pay.” “I don’t get paid.” “Then all your publications are
annulled.” “You put your name on mine anyway.” “I reassign you to the archive
translation project.” “You’re such an asshole.”

Cruelty and hubris in a Sumerologist dress — the storage archives are a modern
dungeon. Translators surrounded by tablets of dust and stone. Allergies and
cloggy noses abound, as are the symbols with meaning, the meaningless efforts,
the efforts with no end, and the ends which are fruitless. Only pure luck
governs the value of the translations. The Sumerians, the Akkadians, the Urs,
the Amorites, the Assyrians, the Babylonians, and the unindexed lives buried in
deeper stratigraphy still… they wrote down what they lived and loved, stored and
spent, experienced and exalted — they transcribed what happened and what would
into millions of cuneiform slabs. It speaks deeply and beautifully of the
earliest urge to engrave — to prove — human existence into brittle clay fact.

“This shit sucks.”

Lullaby Birdland sighs. The archive room is a nursery for anxiety. Buzzing
phosphorescent lights emulating the presence of bugs, metal shelves and trays
categorised with numbers that’d make anyone’s mind blur, a microfiche reader
from the 70s that hurts the eye socket, and an invisible dust cloud that invades
her allergies (she goes through two boxes of tissues a day). What’s worse, she
has to use her phone’s flashlight as a lamp, and lacking an outlet for a
charger, she can’t use her phone for anything else. Meaning she isn’t even
allowed the small smile of checking Fleur’s supportive texts and medicine
reminders, fully capitalised but always with a heart at the end. Perhaps as
corollary, she has started tapping the back of her phone whenever she’s nervous.

Right now, in front of her, is an array of broken chunks. Pieced together like a
jigsaw puzzle — depressed with a variety of lines and shapes, from heads to suns
to birds within the reeds, the geometric within the symbolic carries the wet
clay of human meaning. It’s labelled as ‘B01CKGI0XA’, treating this unique
ancient thing like an Amazon product, but nowhere as useful or ornamental as the
replica tablets available online. Yet, Lullaby loves the experience. Dredging up
5000 year old details and just knowing them. Feeling millenia, a calendar of
mostly useless facts. No one really cares about the Assyrian system of wheat
storage, but it’s at least inspired the way Lullaby arranges her spice rack.

Spread across the cracked skins of history is an (incomplete) poem about one of
the kings in Sumerian history. It is an ‘end poem’, a sad lyric ascribed to
rulers, praising their achievements while announcing the next era. Ironically,
the name of who it’s ascribed to is missing, as is the precise cause of death.
The only thing that’s known is that they died. Very little is known about how
people in Mesopotamia, culturally or psychologically, handled death — processed
loss, evoked mourning, cherished memory — making that missing piece painfully
stand out.

It’s the morbidity of the historian, to research times (that of realms, nations,
or people) and to hunt for anything proving finality. Only when it’s ended, and
its memory transmitted, is it valuable. Regardless, Lullaby has been coerced to
re-translate parts of the text, not for any particular refreshing new insights
or elucidatory frameworks, but because Lanyard requires an original translation
for his research on Sumerian society. He’ll claim he did it and he’ll be
accoladed for it and ‘L. Birdland’ will miss from the publication. She wonders
at times like these — all the time, really — if it’s worth it. The board is slow
to respond to her complaints about his abuse and breach of conduct; for now, she
is vulnerable and she cannot threaten him back. It makes her angry, it makes it
hard to read.

Her fingers tremble over the familiar glyphs — she recognises and scribbles down
their meanings. She notices her pencil is shaking. Or rather, her writing hand
is. Her other hand, too. Then her arm begins to tremble, her vision starts
tremoring. Her head becomes heavy yet light, her senses stop working and none of
her thoughts stick, not even her own panicking. She sits up and stands down and
remains completely still, movement might crumble her. Her phone’s flashlight
turns dark — a pure black — and the heavens open up in the tubes on the ceiling,
she begins to crack and fall apart, whatever does this is winning. Then, it
stops. She recalls her form, she can move again, she notices her mouth is full
of sand.

Pthooey. Blegh. Eck. Yeeeckkkk.. Uhuhuhuh…

Lullaby spits and hacks her mouth clean with a series of ugly sounds. Shadows of
birds dance across the land she leans on, her leaning leading to a searing
sensation in her hands. She flinches back up on her feet, jumping around and
whipping her hands to cool off. She notices her surroundings. Dust, but not like
that in the archives. Buzzing, but from actual insects. No eigengrau hues that
colour the room like a depression: this is a malpais of soft beige and light
yellows. Beads of cold sweat mark her forehead. She’s tapping away at her phone.
The flashlight’s turned itself off, its dark screen only reflecting a bright sun
above. It is scorching hot and it is anywhere but home. She starts searching for
it. Out of sheer desperation, or is it willpower, she manages not to panic.

The landscape doesn’t change for miles when she encounters the first sign of
life. It is a man, collapsed near a rock. He is dressed in loose and reddened
garbs, his neck and collarbones overexposed for this type of climate, his arm
mauled and loosely assembled. Lullaby approaches him with questions: Are you
okay, Where is this, What happened to you, Is this heaven wait no it can’t be if
you’re here bleeding to death that’s not something that happens in heaven. His
reaction is an exhausted deliverance.

“Mi… Nga resussun…” “Yes, of course. Hold still.”

She dabs the gash with a pathetic, insufficient tissue. Then, she drops the
bloody paper, overwhelmed with a feeling more inscrutable than any ancient
symbol. A detected presence inside her, unmovable and undefinable, existing
within her but outside comfortable notions of cause-and-effect. The feeling of a
feeling is like a rumbling cloud filled with rain or thunder or snow, covering
the dawning of a black sun. This malicious air in her breaks her skin into
indecipherable fragments; she is a salt pillar fully aware. But like before, she
clears up, storms are dangerous but pass before long, she is back in that dusty
archive room, she goes home.

What was that? Who was dying? Did I transport into a text? Did I hallucinate?

Estranged from herself, Lullaby falls down face-forward into the beanbag in the
hallway reserved for this purpose. The door falling shut behind her quakes
house, home, and portrait hanging in the hall. It falls off, but a rough and
coarse hand stops its fall and pats her head.

“Let’s talk. What’s up?” They’re in the living room — the only room –, Lullaby’s
face is on the table. “I had a panic attack at work. Two, actually.” A mug of
coffee slides her way and she sits up to take a sip. It’s her usual: no milk,
one sweet, one sugar.. and… something else? Her eyes widen and seek explanation
in Fleur’s. “Vanilla extract.” Lullaby’s face’s wrinkled frown turns into a
content, approving hum. “I’m sorry, liefje. Were there many things at once or is
it one big thing?” “I guess a very big thing. I’m not sure. It just feels really
bad.” “Is it Lanyard again? That man is extorting you and I cannot see you like
this. Let me talk to him.”

Lullaby thinks about the suggestion for a while as Fleur sifts through the news,
her university painfully featured in today’s issue. She gets her newspapers at
the post office run by a Moroccan man, who, despite the reasons he left, still
holds a warm heart for The Netherlands, something he and Fleur hold in common.
Why not just read the news on your phone, Lullaby once asked, Well I just like
touching things, Fleur replied before booping Lullaby’s big nose.

“Okay. Can you go and beat him up for me?” “I’d love to. But first things first:
you. Describe this big thing for me, and take your time.” “Oookay, so… I was in
the archives. And then I wasn’t? I mean, I was translating a text and then this
feeling hit me and when I came to I was in a desert. That’s not a lot but
literally that’s all that happened. Sorry.” “That’s okay. Did something happen
while you were there?”

Lullaby wants to ask ‘you believe all this?’, but is quick to realise her
girlfriend cares more that she’s upset over the plausibility of details. Fleur’s
patience is one of the most attractive things about her — besides the fact she
is a big and strong lady, not an unwelcome leftover after 15 years of farm work,
and her lemony scent, a thousand carried crates of lingering citrus.

“There was a man. He was bleeding. I wanted to help him, but before I could, I
froze up and I was back in the archive room. He said something, but I’m not sure
what.”

Fleur presses her mouth against her forehead, still salty from before, and
Lullaby blushes. She knows it’s checking for fever, which is kind of
patronising, but also, it’s lips. Lullaby’s embarrassment makes Fleur laugh, who
in turn becomes embarrassed over her pig-snort laugh, so Lullaby goes in for a
kiss to settle this vicious cycle before it has a chance to start. Things
escalate from there. Things become alright for her, despite today.

With how relaxed Lullaby is after Fleur put her on the coffee table, kissed her
neck, covered every inch with her hands, it must’ve been stress, right? She
needed this. She says this and it’s true. And yet… she can’t shake those words
the bleeding man said:

Mi nga resussun.

“Woman, help me,” in Sumerian.

Probably just stress. Yeah.

Lullaby kept her displacement (what else to even call it?) mostly to herself.
With one exception: the tabby cat always lounging on the windowsill on her way
to work, she seems to really get it, you know?

She did not mention it to: Lanyard, who she masterfully avoids; three people
from the physics faculty loudly discussing the science of time-travel movies;
Jamila Achi, the beautiful Bolivian professor teaching pre-Columbian Incan
religious culture and architecture she confessed to while drunk that one time
and who has been smiling at her in passing ever since; Courtney, the
receptionist in the lobby who despite the constant stream of phone-calls from
nervous students overwhelmed by the bureaucracy of university (mostly the
horrible website interface) always asks her how she’s doing; basically anyone
she spoke to, especially the Honours College student assigned to her on top of
her throttling duties who asked her, “What’s that in your bag,” pointing at the
bloody tissue next to a box of mini donuts.

“I had a nosebleed earlier. Haha, yep. Just a nosebleed. That’s my blood. From
the nose. Hey, uh, I’ll be right back.”

She jogs to the nearest garbage can and throws away the tissue, she wants to
throw away herself, too, but decides against it. She absolutely didn’t have a
nosebleed and the only blood she can remember isn’t her own. Did that really
happen yesterday? But she was so much further than just yesterday. Yesterday’s
shock and today’s confusion catch up with her, unsurprisingly. Two similar
feelings, even when they spring from unrelated circumstances, have the tendency
to cross over and spill into one another, two foreign agents in the body, the
body remembers what the mind tries to hide, so let it come, let it happen. So
she lets herself cry, nothing wrong with that, stopping yourself from this
biologic need is so exhausting and demoralising, don’t do that to yourself.
Lullaby sniffles and checks her phone.

You: did you put those donuts in my bag Fleur: You found them! Haha, yes. I hope
you feel good today. ❤ You: you are so good to me i love you so much Fleur: LOL!
I love you, too. Keep yourself a priority. ❤

She cries again, fist-pumping in celebration of how gay she is.

Her finger, like before, slides over stone depressions, unconcerned with
possible panic attacks now she’s reminded of her wonderful girlfriend. The
Sumerian king list, a slab that trails the blood of rulers and imbrues their
might. And mighty they were: the antediluvian monarchs ruled for multiple sars
at a time, a unit corresponding to 3,600 years, with En-men-lu-ana taking the
high score with a whopping 43,200 years. Presented so matter-of-factly, with
barely a mention of how their immortal reigns (or lives) ended. That’s
outsourced to the poets. Lullaby’s favourite is Kug-Bau, the only woman on the
list — her rule lasted a mere 100 years, but she is described as casting a net
of sovereignity over the whole world, which none of her descendents and
predecessors can brag about.

‘Enlil-bāni’ catches her eye, or rather, the cuneiforms of his name do: a
gate-like symbol on top of a triangular arrow pointing east, resembling, in its
bare simplicity, the same concept as the running man of the exit sign,
suggesting a royal that shouldn’t stay. She knows the story of him well, it’s
one of the more apocryphal ones, and that means something in a list of eternal
lives. By memory, Lullaby seeks and finds the hymn addressed to this man. 24
years lasted his reign, but by far the most interesting one.

“The king with a sweet mouth, lips good with words.” Not silver-tongued, but
nectar-lipped. A strange choice of words. Jewellery never lacked in Sumer, it
was common trade, but not worthwhile in the sense of description. Property did
not exist in the city-states, everything was ours, meaning commerce was a
negative, a deception of necessity, the thrum of noble metals the greediest
kind. A value that is assigned, rather than a beauty occuring naturally is a
bitter metaphor, like the silver tongue.

Fruit, and its sweetness, is the cultural locus of marvel. It is nature, gift of
the gods, the gods that are society. Lullaby’s dissertation dealt with how
Mesopotamia lacked religion, lacked a word for it, as it was not a separate
sphere of the people’s lifeworld. It was what was — that, undifferent, and
nothing less. There is a poetic simplicity in that, leaving normalities unnamed
for future historians to bother, but the pervasiveness of systems insists they
never be tolerated as invisible.

That which affects you and you partake of should be sometimes praised, always
scrutinised, and often condemned. Give it a name and make it respond to your
angered voice. Our society is rife with these assigned, cover-up values, though
more in number are wonders hidden between us. Maybe this is why Enlil-bana
attracts her, his story fills her with a presence: a simple gardener tending to
succulent fruit who bumbled his way into being a king, who loved beauty over
gold.

Lullaby is broken out of her reverie when she plummets, face-first, into a
mouthful of dirt.

Pthooey. Blegh. Eck. Yeeeckkkk.. Uhuhuhuh…

“AGAIN?”

She shoots up, repeating her dance, scaring away a flock of nearby birds.

No, something’s off. She got here without a panic attack. Moreover, the taste in
her mouth isn’t dry, choking sand. It’s thick, wet dirt. She takes the time to
look around: a rooftop terrace with two long, foot-deep pools embraced by a
lowcut grass; sandstone planters with mulberry bushes and trees bearing quinces,
plums, and pears; a man holding a bowl of porridge looking at her with a
grave-marked expression; a plaza where two warriors are sparring, one delivering
a fierce elbow strike to the other’s face, the other delivering a mighty,
perhaps accidental slash to the arm of his partner.

The man approaches her, hailing her as a ghost-sighting. “Za-e… Àm?” “Who are
you?” she replies, banshee-like. “What are you doing here?” He yells back (still
in Sumerian.) “Where is here?” She realizes she made him nervous with her
sudden, stubborn intensity. Calmly, this time, she asks “Where is here?”
“Nippur, city of corn and cornelian, seat of king Erra-imittī, its supportive
pillar.” Lullaby closes her eyes and tries to still her thoughts, first with
comforting distractions, then with empty negotiations. She opens her opals,
forced to believe the words he said. She already knew where this is, it had
haunted her mind even while Fleur fucked her: this is Sumer, she is not in her
own time.

“Do you want a donut?” Fleur, resigned to this strange fate, asks this to the
porridge man. She translates ‘donut’ as ‘sweet hole for eating’ (she snorts).
“It is unusual for goddesses to give gifts,” he accepts the donut. This confuses
Lullaby — goddess? Of what, despondency? The man takes a bite. His eyes widen
and seek explanation in Lullaby’s. She has none, agreeing it must seem a bit
goddess-y, if not downright sacrosanct, to appear out of nowhere and bringing
food that technically, temporally can’t exist yet.

She checks her phone — still no reception, still no screen which comes as no
surprise. Tap, tap, tap. How awkward, how terrifying. The sunken, deep sea
feeling in her chest, her ribcage is the Mariana trench, makes her believe, if
patterns are to be believed, that she will wake up in her own time soon. She
expects, enduring a pressure, a pain, a reverent pair of eyes. The man observes
this, takes another bite of donut. A minute passes, and the man asks if he can
leave for his duties; he can, so he dunks the half-eaten donut in the porridge
and runs off. Before he does, though, he prays Lullaby exist in a gratifying
destiny and escape her current one as a ‘mulki’. Or, “the celestial body which
has been cleaved apart.” The word to signify brokenness, a person embedded in
shameful experience, one trapped in evil reeds by the machinations of another.
One who is kept from being whole.

“That obvious, huh?” Lullaby laughs with wry, unblinking eyes.

“Hey, If it turns out I’m stuck here, I’m going to be so fucking pissed.”

She blinks, suddenly back in her time. She gets fucking pissed anyway, seeing
what’s in front of her.

Lanyard is leaning against the door frame, smug as can be.

“Been slacking off all day again? Some people have actual work to do. My editor
has been nagging me for a manuscript. I need a text and I need it now.”

Memory is a powerful thing — it makes us remember, sometimes relive, the
feelings we dread to feel. It’s in our body: our muscles remember keystrokes for
late nights of typing and the stretched-out, wirey haze of caffeine; the imprint
of nails in the palms of our hands as someone disregards everything we’ve done,
the labours, emotional, physical, psychological, to harangue that you produce;
the restraint in our fingers, arms, shoulders, eyes, cerebral rage centre, to
not clock the guy with your already-clenched fist. Memory is a reminder of the
panic, the paralysis, the present. Funny thing is, it is through memory,
history?, that we are allowed a do-over. With more tools at our disposal, we
snatch these useful paraphernalia, we craft a better outcome.

In Lullaby’s case, the image of the two fighting men replays like a movie. And
she’s an actor in it this time.

She slams an elbow into his ceramic nose.

“Hi, babe!” “Oh my god, What happened?” “I assaulted someone!”

Lullaby sits there, her hands cuffed behind her back, an uncommon smile on her
face. One elbow of her white shirt is caked in dried blood, her face is covered
in dust, a gash across her forehead.

“No, I understand that much,” Fleur’s patience replies. Her concern continues,
“but your face!”

She wishes she could say, “you should see the other guy,” but Lanyard never got
so much as a hit in, something she’s very proud of. He twirled dramatically
until crashing and fainting into another archive room full of graduate students,
each of whom raced to call security, the police, an ambulance, and the last one,
feeling left out, a funeral service. Just in case. The second faction was who
delivered her injuries, having slammed her face into a dusty tray. Between then
and now, officers pelted her with disorienting questions — Are you armed, What
are these tablets, Are you a socialist, What are your social media accounts, Are
you being political with your research, Do you love your country — while
Lanyard, of course, his face now finally graced with some colour, only had to
answer if he was okay.

That beautiful face opposite of her, terrified of making her lose that smile,
the nights in bed where she was too stressed to do anything, ‘absence’ the
doctor called it, any slight of movement risking a breakdown, holding her tight
and helping her hold it in, endure, since there wasn’t an alternative, no
backup, and not in the employability sense, but with the debts, she only had a
couple of months left until the paychecks would start, their worries would end,
asks, “did you just throw it all away?” Lullaby hopes not, but almost knows
better, and starts to cry.

The police officer who cut up her forehead comes in, not a regretting shiver in
the way he wears his uniform, so used to using his station to statisfy his
reactionary rage. “You’re in luck. He doesn’t want to press charges.”

“Why the hell not?”

‘Because my work is more important than your savagery, and you yet have a part
to play in it. Now since apparently you can’t be left unsupervised, I’ll be the
supervisor you’ve been needing. From now on, conduct all work in my office,’ is
what he told her, and she almost broke another part of him. Academia is a
nepotist graveyard where integrity goes to die and comes back as a zombie. Not
always by volition, sometimes it’s sacrificed. The rituals being the subtle
coercions of your supervising professor, the only person who gets to write
reviews about you. Lullaby always hated him and ended up under him, and it was
his name ending up on her works. Condoned plagiarism, intellectual exploitation,
theft of dignity. Whatever it’s called (it’s hardly called anything), Lullaby
would exceed this.

But that audacity. That eternal arrogance, institutionalised and form-fitted to
him, like the plaster of a building, part of the whole and its sum. But the
rooms, filled with theses and papers, honest work and gentle living, so
necessary and critical, shouldn’t have to do anything with the house in which
they’re built — in other words, why are the marginalised expected to succeed in
spite of their surroundings? Why leave the penalties in place, like banana peels
for them to slip on? Why leave these institutions intact while pretending they
have no beneficiaries? Don’t feign to think there can be bigoted systems without
bigots holding them in careful place. Never step up to help those maligned move
up or help tear it down, that’s saying “got mine”, that’s saying “I will not
move for you or with you.” It’s always easy to fail. For the least deserving,
it’s made easier.

No reason it should.

They were home, going over what happened, how it happened again, one of the mini
donuts was missing though nothing could prove it was left off 5000 years ago,
but the fact it hadn’t come back with Lullaby, unlike the bloody tissue, stood
out, not quite a pattern, but a hunch to go on if time-travel was something to
get used to. It was the first time she rejected Fleur’s warm and strong hugs, it
was the first time she fell into irritation over despair. They looked at each
other, first shocked, then smiling with pride.

Having to spend more than the scheduled weekly seminar with Lanyard would be the
worst possible outcome, at the very least more punitive than jailtime. It
happened again. Cordoned to a wobbly table in the corner of his office, she was
translating an end poem addressed to Erra-imitti, predecessor of Enlil-bani and
the goofiest king. Lanyard was busy playing a cheap bubble-pop game on his
phone, smirking about how he’d playfully coerced a number of students to give
him more lives like it’s something to brag about.

He sputters sadistic complaints at the woman he isn’t even missing.

Lullaby Birdland returns to the same spot she worried could never leave. The
easy-going, charming gardener walked with a chirpy pace (energised by the
forbidden flavours of chocolate and donut) into the palace, carrying a bowl of
porridge. It hadn’t occurred to her that these out-of-time visits existed on the
same continuum as the king list — and why would she? Who would apply the logic
of historiography or any kind to the science-fiction? That man, with the warm
bowl, is Enlil-bani, the next king. She runs inside, unsure why — hoping to stop
it? Bear witness to history? — and hides herself behind the gazellefur curtains
in the king’s chambers.

The story of Erra-imitti’s end is that of Enlil-bani’s ascension. The throne of
Nippur required by decree to always be occupied, lest a usurper sit on it and
proclaim themselves the ruler. The seat on all accounts more important than the
person. On paper or clay, etiquette is a royal’s most powerful weapon, even gods
become bound by the rules of equity, no matter the sinicure. In reality, this is
true, though just as jocose. The current king, she spies, is sitting at a table.
We might wonder why Erra-imitti has to eat his porridge at a table instead of
just placing the bowl on the throne’s armrest, or why in the world he took off
his crown, which seems so rude of the universe to hinge someone’s death on these
insignifcant details.

The king’s substitute is tapping his knee, probably so bored of always having to
sit and wait and have nothing to do but look at this charmless man he must
respect eat his porridge in complete silence. No sounds but the unbearable
slurping, the little sips, and the disgusting mulch barrelling in his mouth,
then, a choking sound. Erra-imitti grasps for his throat, wheezing like a valve
being closed, his eyes bulging in both a quickening towards death and the
realisation that because of his own dumb customs, this is how he’ll die.
Enlil-bani cannot move from the throne to save him in fear of capital
punishment, so he remains seated, meeting his king’s pleas with a noncommittal
shrug. Neither does Lullaby emerge as the saviour, not because out of some
voyeuristic cruelty or the moral principles of a time-traveller, but because
she’s gotten stuck in the curtains.

It takes a while for him to die. It’s a stressfully awkward situation for
Lullaby, especially when one of the attendant’s retrieves a mysterious dough-y
substance from the late king’s throat. She unravels herself and escapes to the
roof terrace, inadvertently responsible for the demarcations between two
dynasties. Nothing comes to her in the efforts of identifying this emotion — not
quite fear, not quite pride, probably the extremity of ‘oops’. At some point,
she got out her phone to tap, her little fidget coping method. The new king
scares her with a tap on the shoulder.

“Ahu mi (strange woman), you have not yet left? I know not which god you are, or
serve, but that which had to be witnessed transpired. Tell the greaters change
is come.”

Such a laconic attitude to losing one’s superior. Then again, by the paradox of
how we approach truth of life, the prevalent commonality of godheads and
acceptance under divinity makes the exceptional very mundane. It’s precisely
these momentous, preternatural occasions that can only be explained by the
whiplash of ineffable cosmic machinations, and because they are fundamentally
whimsical. Materialism is the good effort to make sense of caprice and to call
out its actors when punishment becomes cruelty. As face-value as it comes, it’s
almost disappointingly mundane, when a king chokes on a temporally-displaced
foodstuff.

“What do you mean?” “It’s done — I am king now. Erra-imitti was a tyran, who
abused his people’s trust into building structures serving no purpose but his
ego. There is no reason to make a big deal out of the obvious things that should
happen. Do not stand still to perform justice. An ensi (righteous ruler) is the
one who stays.” He performs the Sumerian equivalent of a diva’s hairflip, and
Enlil-bani looks Lullaby dead in the eye. “Go back and become mul.”

Lullaby thinks: fuck this 5000 year old pretty boy for giving me good as hell
advice.

“What?” says a man she loathes. She appeared on top of his sanded oakwood desk,
scattering pages of words he plagiarised from his students.

“Lullaby, get off my desk. Right now. This is not for your eyes to see.”

Standing above him, this disparity in height certainly puts things into
perspective. Papers, manuscripts, laptops — So many different words, so much
arduous editing to make it seem like he wrote it. Everything he did to her, he
does to new students. Postdocs don’t have much clout with regards to this, but
for the starry-eyed young bloods, it is so much of an offensible act.

“Oh, I think it is.”

Lullaby, phone in hand, takes pictures of all the evidence and makes her daring
escape. Lanyard fails a parkour attempt and slams himself on an award, a nice
and heavy copper statue he won (using Lullaby’s dissertation).

“…So, in conclusion, in the end poem ascribed to the nameless person who “bled
from the arms yet had so much to give”, the person in question cannot be
accurately identified using archaeological toolsets. But: however many end poems
are written for kings, it may not be assumed, through silence, that this poem
was not written for, perhaps, a soldier, engraved by a friend, a lover, or I put
some donuts in your bag again — ”

Lullaby stands red-faced behind the tiny podium, no curtains to hide behind, so
she uses the stack of papers in front of her. Her eyes trailed off to the
post-it note Fleur put on her speech. Lullaby blames herself for loving her
girlfriend’s handwriting so much she didn’t want to risk losing it. The audience
releases a cheerful laughter, one very particular member yells “Hope you like
them, liefje!”, at which point the whole room erupts.

It’s only been a week since Lanyard got kicked out over allegations of massive
student fraud and intimidation. The Honours College boy corroborated her story
with similar claims, they high-fived at the end of the hearing. Though Lullaby
feels rightfully bitter that her previous complaints weren’t sufficient enough,
despite being of the exact same nature, it at least put her in the vector of
events to break his nose. The seat of Sumerian literature expert now empty,
Lullaby was instantly the most elligible person to occupy it. Perhaps it doesn’t
matter who gets to exact its principles and uphold its statements, but goddamn,
Lullaby thinks, does it feel good.

Mul, by the way, means ‘celestial body that shines in the heavens.’

On the third floor, limping between a triple lane of desks and computers and
personal paraphernalia, a small gallery of figures, succulents, or drawings from
home, to mark a soulless corporate space with gentle sentiments, is a lone
person: Yarrow Kaarter. He is a level designer, tasked with the shape of digital
areas. Paving voids with streets, placing structure on cobblestone, inserting
life into new rooms, his map editor filled with assets, textures, and recolours.
The producer has a bottomless imagination of what the finished piece should look
like; Yarrow does his best to form this dissolute overwhelm. Problems only arise
in practice, so the programs and files and design documents and deadlines and
hours he gets are never enough and far from perfect. His level drafts are
strained under the scrutinising eye of quality assurance (QA) testers — the
smallest gap, the slightest inconsistency, any unappealing sight or ugliness is
noticed, taken note of, and noted in a massive list of complaints and
workarounds he has to fix.

So, over twenty times a day, he journeys down and up the stairs (a perilous trek
without an elevator) to the texture artists on the first floor to request, say,
a tea kettle, an evil ship in the distance, the glass panes and the gorgeous
jewel they ensconce, a gaudy throne, a slovenly bed, a dog. Anything you might
find in a world, he asks for, convinced the minutiae are what make it
compelling, atmospheric, holistic. His scrutinising design philosophy lets the
individual parts tell a story as big as the sum, much to the frustration of
testers and producers, who have to work overtime to curb his ambition. Both them
and Yarrow know that he’s the best at what he does — no one can copy him. The
games that tried, bombed.

He pours what he can muster into his levels. His passion, disguised as secret
collectibles, disconcerting implications, and his trademark picayune stories;
his life, barely manageable through the crunch; his exhaustion, the hours
beating on his head, the days mushy and memory lossy. “But you already requested
a tarried banner asset, don’t you remember?” Stress is a build-up, but it’s not
a topsoil. It expands, like a balloon, claiming more and more as time goes on.
It grows bigger, less avoidable, nothing else can be focused on, narrowing the
things you should be engaged with: joy, reprieve, compassion, mercy, justice.

In order to make room, the balloon will and must pop, be it through a careful
ventilation or by its own force. The latter will be violent, psychologically,
and will thrum all the way through to social spaces or one’s bank account. The
‘culture’ of the studio, though there is nothing adorning, ennobling, or
communal about it, is so organised that it keeps pumping air into the balloon,
or balloons, of its most necessary people. In this competitive, intense,
frustrating job, personhood is made to go at the expense of labour. So, at the
suggestion of his therapist, Yarrow seeks out, between the hours, ventilating
distractions.

It’s been five years since it was released, but there are still people making
videos about explore the world of the first game he’s worked on: The Brightest
Future in our Dreams 2: The Castellan’s Gastronomic Revenge. It strokes Yarrow’s
ego to see people passionate about game-spaces, even though he knows his maps
and tableaus only represent a reality. They don’t constitute as one, nor are
they historical sources. So many theories on lore, so many attempts to map out
the littlest of hints he left in a game, they become a gallery without
title-plates. It is presumptuous to keep the fictional kept apart from the real,
as if it can be its own thing. Never engaging with what it signifies or
contributes outside of itself, never entertaining that entertainment can mean.
It’s all a bit mute. Yarrow can’t bring himself to watch these sorts of videos
to the end. Still, the videos are very nicely edited.

In the breakroom, chewing absently on a foil-wrapped, melty cheese sandwich, he
overhears a group of four talking about their Lairs & Lizards game. That’s
something he hasn’t done since high school! He remembers his first character —
an orc mapmaker called ‘Ellf’. An orc called Ellf, that’s super funny. On
afterschool Fridays, he would get way too into his role, overly keen on
exploring every nook and cranny of the shared, imagined space of the fiction. Of
course, this frustrated the game master to no end, unable to keep up with what
he wanted to find. His, let’s be honest, very stubborn and frustrating demands
were what drove him to this career in the first place. Every object is a memory
to someone, every area a personal palimpsest, people are geographies are
semiotics and no world is its own. So maybe this time, considering it’s all
professionals here, it’ll work out. He wants to be the explorer, but mostly, he
wants his job to stop hurting.

He introduces himself blandly, the only way he knows. The others return the
tone.

“We play Saturdays, at 8.”

“Sure, I’ll be there.”

The first session

“We have a new adventurer in our midst!“

Raouel the game master introduces him with that familiar dryness. He hides
behind his GM screen, like secretive parapets, obscuring his face as much as it
does intentions, that of the story to come — their story — and how he intends to
complicate the party’s success. On the table, aside from the pile of
handprint-leaving snacks, is a stack of detailed, pencil-drawn maps accompanied
by painted failures and other provisional shapes (Yarrow’s character is a rook).

The other players take their turns introducing themselves, almost comically
typecast:

“Hey, I’m Stokely. Welcome to the team!” says the well-dressed supermodel with
an amazing curly high-top. Yarrow almost slips out that they’re way too
attractive to be doing this or working in game dev.

“Hail and well met, traveller. I am Mechalogist Haraway, inventor and seeker of
truths.” says the older lady with the lustrous jewellery. She works in
marketing, he believes.

“Call me Logan the Pernicious. Don’t get in my way,” says the spindly one with
the short, boring hair. Yarrow doesn’t recognise him, probably an intern.

None of them used their real names, at least he should hope so. It’s endearing
how nerdy that is, and also forebodingly awkward for when they’ll walk past each
other in the studio. Their eyes fixate on him and Raouel throws a small nod in
expectation. He introduces his character thusly, blandly.

“My character is… Frawd the dwarf.” His overextended pause for laughter is met
with a cruel quiet.

“He is… let me read it correctly on my sheet… a Clairvoyant. His skills are –“
“Please, try to stay in-character.” “Right! Sorry. Er, I’m Frawd, a Clairvoyant.
My skills are Predict Future and Uncover What Time Lost.”

The table around him sighs, banishing the spectre of high hopes.

“Tell me a bit about yourself and how you’ve met the rest of your crew. Fra…
Frawd.” “I wrote that down on my sheet too hold on… Ok, I hail from… the Crystal
Peaks, which lie far to the north — “ “Hm, no, those don’t exist.” “But it’s my
backstory? Here, I have it all written out: it’s really cool.”

“Backstories should stick to the canon. There are mountains in my world, just no
crystal ones. You can hail from the Sundering Mountains.”

Raouel switches to an abrupt harshness. Yarrow feels disappointed at being told
no, almost by reflex, having already written four pages on Dwarven culture, the
religious significance of the precise geography, the mining economy, the
procurement of crystal ores and their processing procedures, and so on. He
unpuffs his cheeks. He is the newcomer here, so, he thinks, I’ll concede. This
story between the four here has been going on for a while and is long past its
delicate world-building phase. Still, he has a place in the narrative, so he
might as well find out what exactly the map contains.

“So, I’m from the Sundering Mountains. I hail from a wealthy family of — “ “Can
we start already?” Logan sees fit to interrupt Frawd’s introductory statement, a
crass, sibilant impatience that, despite the layer of fiction between separating
map from room, feels personal.

“We can. Stokely, Logan, Haraway, you meet a dwarf by the road en route to the
castle…”

The rest of the session alternates between irritable sluggishness and frenetic
pacing. The game’s tempo is stunted by both Yarrow’s inexperience and piqued
curiosity. At one point he spent 30 minutes asking about the castle we’re headed
for, which, to be fair, awarded the group with useful information: tidbits of
its defences, revealings of its architecture, and, something the others
neglected to even investigate, its surprising name.

“The name of the castle you have been tasked with investigating is Lavan-Mavan,”
Raouel monotones.

“Isn’t that the name of the fortress in Save Yourself, Milord, Your Living
Castle Is Actually An Antimonarchist!” Yarrow nearly yells, excited about the
reference.

“Is it? Okay, cool.” Raouel is as dismissive as he is blunt.

And with that unceremonious namedrop, the session ends, before Yarrow’s
enjoyment could really start. He wonders if the others even had fun today, or if
they’re just used to this being the campaign. The road to the castle was
littered with random bandit after random bandit; Frawd’s foresight only useful
to announce the next bandit. It wasn’t a very thrilling experience. But roads
end at destinations, and Yarrow can’t help but feel the drone of tedium is over.
He smiles to himself, first time in months.

It’s 9 PM, he is alone, and he still has an entire castle to plummet into
existence, arranging the exact (mis)shape of the outer walls, the sway of
chandeliers, and the position of some standard traps, like pendulum axes, darts
and rolling boulders, or poisoned buffets. The artist department sent back a
banner asset that is much clean and colourful to be in an abandoned and haunted
castle, but he has no choice but to use it until he gets the updated models.
Hopefully, tomorrow, but realistically, not until next week. The producer will
get on his case — he only demands the undeliverable most. Yarrow can already
hear those debilitating, poisonous words, the enfeebling effects of power, as if
a series of brass tubes are pumping them from his office all the way to his
inner ears: “The deadline’s in two weeks and you’re still making these
mistakes.”

The bobble head on his desk violently shakes for the how many-eth time now, his
fist pounding his leg in an accustomed anger. It was frightening at first, how
casually he wanted to pummel himself, a cold, rational solution as to force the
terraqueous misery to a single, concentrated pointed. Now, however, it had
become mysteriously joyful to bruise himself. Again the bobble head shakes, a
dragon person, the protagonist of Flame Breath Man, given to everyone who worked
on it for those six unsuccessful years. He puts it to a halt with a finger and,
as if a transference of motion, his hand begins to shake. The attempt to take a
sip of coffee fails with a stain on his sweatpants, new tears of resignation
flooding the ones that barely had time to dry.

Yarrow retreats to the bathroom to clean his clothes and thoughts and eyes. The
fresh clothes he brings in case of another sudden overnight don’t make him look
like less of a chaos. Flushing does little to drown out the core bad thoughts,
“You are not happy here” and “Where else do you have left to be happy”. Yarrow
dries the tears with toilet paper, feeling like piss and shit all the same. But
this is of no concern to him or anyone in his life, maybe one person, but it’s
far past the time to start caring himself. Emotions flushed down the drain
(where else?), he leaves his pushdoor bunker and sees

“Raouel?” “Oh, wow, hi Yarrow. Crunching, too?” “Yeeeaah. Can’t leave till I
make a castle.” “I see. Good luck with that. I have about six different builds
to test.”

“You work in QA? Rough.” “Yeah, been here for five years. Someone’s gotta make
sure shit’s playable, right?” “Haha, yeah. And hey, I’ve also been here for
five.” “Cool, cool. Hey, see you next session?” “I’ll be there. Can’t wait to
see what’s in the castle!”

“Heh, well, you’ll get to see.”

These types of conversations never last longer than they should. The tired
colleagues stay exchange a quick platitude before returning to the churn once
more. Yarrow ‘s design document lists the essential details of his rooms. The
infirmary has the only antidotes that counter the castle’s unique poisons; the
throne room is a wide, bright room decorated with the world’s riches and, at the
far end, a single, gaudy, jewelled seat that doubles as a trapdoor trigger which
leads to a dungeon; and so on. In the next two weeks Yarrow ships off a build,
endures the rehearsed disappointment from his boss, then reconvenes at Raouel’s
house.

The second session

Thankfully, entering Lavan-Mavan has made playing the game a bit more thrilling.
Less randomly-generated dangers, more intentional, more preconceived iterations
of world hostility. Frawd nearly lost an arm to a pendulum axe, Logan got stuck
with a strength penalty after touching a cursed painting, and, right now,
Haraway is dying of a poisoned buffet she couldn’t help but eat from, even
though Yarrow’s foresight warned her of ‘dooming food’. Despite frantically
searching for an infirmary in the castle and laughing at ‘Haraway’ mimicking
dying of poison, Yarrow been unable to shed a lingering sense of déjà vu. Raouel
presents the party with a T-shape intersection, describing the intersection as
follows:

“In the dim, blue light of an overhanging chandelier, its taut rope creaking and
swaying, you see two signs mounted on the stone walls next to you. Reading the
words, you can tell that one sign leads to the infirmary, and the other to ‘the
biggest, most awful, most tragic place in human history.’”

Everyone chortles at the silliness of it, except for Yarrow, taking over by a
confronting seriousness.

“Guys, we should go to the other place.” “Are you daft, dwarf? Or just
illiterate?” Logan sneers. Yarrow wonders again if he’s merely staying
in-character. ”No. No, I can read just fine. Nor am I, uh, soft of mind.” Yarrow
gives a skeptical eye to Raouel, continuing, “I want to cast Predict Future for
when we take the ’infirmary’ route.”

Raouel’s brow furrows in frustration, revealing his hand. “Why?” “Do I need a
reason? I just have to roll, right? And I just rolled a natural 20!” “…you do
so. And through clairvoyance, you see yourself venturing down the passageway…
and into the maws of a grand, sophisticated hybrid of monster and machine.”
Taking a risk, they venture down the other path and, to everyone’s splendid
surprise, find the opposite of awful death: an infirmary with the specific
antidote to Haraway’s poison.

“Wowwww. Okay, glad we have you around Frawd. You just saved Haraway and all of
us. Didn’t he, Logan?” Stokely’s expressive, fun voice makes the praise feel
warm and a bit embarrassing. “You saved me, small one,” Haraway plants a playful
(in-game!) kiss on his cheek. “Yeah, sure, whatever. Good job, dwarf,” speaks a
dismayed Logan. That one’s a bit less warm.

“Yes. Good job, Frawd,” grits Raouel, giving off the coldest sensation of all.
Those who design the maps are always a bit miffed when people don’t fully
explore them, or at least reach the end of the most dramatic hallways. The sighs
and silence that such frustration brings creates suspense, one that isn’t
differentiable. Whether or not it is out of a narrator’s idea of what would be
fun or interesting, or out of more punitive attitudes, Raouel raises his voice
from its usual nonplussed pail.

“From the other end of the, the hallway. There is a, you can hear a series of
loud metal noises. A stampede of metal, a monster crashing toward you…”
“Heavens. Didn’t we avoid that thing?” Stokely asks the group in- and outside
the game. “Maybe I should have also cast looked at what would happen if we went
the other route,” Frawd scratches the back of his head. “The great metal beast,
breathing heavy flames, is now standing before you, having tracked your scent…”

“Scent? It’s made of metal. How can it smell — “ Logan’s first try at lightening
the mood is interrupted with a loud crash on the table. Figurines topple, coffee
mugs barely miss the maps, and Stokely’s glass of water stains the gray carpet.
Raouel is standing up, wilder than the beast he just described, slamming hands
on the table. A judge, at least in film, will bang her gavel to restore order,
the sound keeping the run-high in line; nothing comparable to lawfulness
happened here. A loss of control, desperation as it’s called, garnishes this
noise.

“IT HAS SMELLED YOU AND NOW IT’S HERE. OKAY?”

Voices stay in mouths, not out of the scared indecision (all players deal with
this from time to time when faced with an ordeal and too much freedom). This
doesn’t even have to do with the interaction between characters and the world.
This is power at play. Intimidation.

“I think that, uh. This is a good place to stop, anyway.”

Everyone at the table responds with an unsure nod.

Ending the session and promising a next fortnight, Yarrow can’t help but feel an
unsettled nestling in his chest. Raouel’s outburst is part of it, sure, but
moreso there’s more to it. That intersection felt very familiar for some reason.
He once put a similar joke in a build for Flame Dragon Man, but because of the
risk of possible plagiarism the signpost had to be renamed to just ‘certain
death’. Whatever, this is stupid, thinks as he Yarrow shakes his paranoia. We
simply share the same sense of humour, It’s better to accept that I’m here for
fun, not to think myself into agita, I sympathise with Raouel — I want people to
explore my areas, so when players make an effort to circumvent painstaking
surprises, I’d probably get angry too.

With a forced kindness near the front door, Yarrow says a spritely goodbye to
everyone in the group. Despite the awkward end, he really is relieved to have
found a lasting friendship.

Closing his front door, Raouel rips apart the castle map.

A surprise meets Yarrow’s face on the 243th day into this project. For the first
time in seven months, everyone, actually everyone, gets to go home on time. For
once, no pillows bearing the weight of insomniac heads, no misaligned spines
twisted by office chairs, no company pizza night (this is a pang). The surprise
is on Liefde’s face, too, when he hears a bell ring at 6 PM and sees his partner
in the doorway.

“How the hell are you home this early?” Yarrow shakes the rain from his hair,
adding to how unkempt it is. “I got fired,” Yarrow can’t take off his big,
unflattering coat without Liefde’s help. “Fuck off with that.”

“Busted. Hey, I’m really glad to see you.” “Out of bed, you mean?” “In general.
But also that.” Yarrow trudges toward the living room. “You gonna kiss me or
what?” An arm stops him.

“I look like hell, though.” “The mouth of hell looks inviting.”

Two smiles, bright, mash against each other seventeen times before refusing to
let go in the living room and the bread tastes stale and the wine is cheap and
the prep feels bad but the movement afterwards lacks little of the
cartographer’s thrill of reckless adventure and careful exploration when we are
each other’s maps and there is no destination but the end of the night, no
landmarks less shrouded in mystery than his cock and his moans and their
sleeping hands knit together like they’ve never been apart.

Neither Liefde nor Yarrow has to acknowledge, as certain communication can be
found in implication, the pleasure or their exhaustion. So instead, between
hairy arms and overheated covers, they talk about the past 7 months of living in
the same house but with their living days tracked apart. Liefde will never
adjust to his early and long mornings, or the shitty coffee, or the broken
heating at the station, and god will he ever start to earn a minimum wage, but
today a child ran up to him and personally thanked him for making the world a
cleaner place, which made him and his co-worker cry. He showed Yarrow the video
that the boy’s mother made — already circulating on the internet, flooded with
unexpectedly heart-warming and congratulatory comments, as if the respect for
the greatest urban labour, that of the garbageman, had been rationed away for
the moments that mattered/were marketable.

Preluding his rant with a kiss on his lover’s cheek, Yarrow, to no one’s
surprise, has much to ventilate about the studio, the ungodly hours and
workload, and the producer’s constant shittyness (as if misery will motivate any
worker, held above the fires of annual reviews). Then he mentions how good it
feels to be like this — tired and sad and together (and a bit messy). For all
the mapmaking he does, there’s really no place like home. Home as defined as
Liefde, that is, the Dutch word for ‘love’, but also his partner’s name. After a
warm quiet snuggling silence, oddly and awkwardly, Yarrow opens up about last
Saturday, too. How giddy he felt when Haraway had to roleplay being poisoned.
How excited he was about leading the party away from danger. How threatening
Raouel sounded when things didn’t go the way he’d planned. He knows it’s all
make-believe, but participating produces real feelings.

Partners do good to you by listening. Partners who are good do too, but they
will reach into what you have to say: questions, subjects, thoughts,
clarifications, or topics — wanting to know more than just what you can think of
in the moment.

“That’s kind of shitty, aren’t you supposed to have fun? If he wants things to
go his way he should write a book or someting. Also I like Frawd, it’s a funny
name.”

“Right? Thank you.” Collaborative fiction is a sequence of compromises made out
of good faith in what comes next: a moving scene, an interesting outcome, a
dramatic turn. But what happened during the second session was none of these
things — it was forcing setpieces to behave in an obligated way, as expected,
hoped for, when making any map; any object carries the question “what will it
do?” The answer of representing geography lends itself to a greater, connective
purpose and a direction. On a map, a statue will be a temple will be worshipped.
A beast will be danger will attack. Things will happen when you go there, more
of a threat than a phenomenon. Spaces are transformative; their openness
violently so.

The third session

“Hey, is that a new map?” “Oh, yeah. I redrew it. I spilled coffee during the
last session, haha.” “Ah right, that robot monster that got you so excited.”

Getting right back into it, Logan speaks up, “Leave this puppy to me” in a
rehearsed (not rehearsed enough) growl that leaves him coughing. In his normal
voice, an uninflected baritone, he adds that he wants to roll for a cleave
attack. He groans at the net damage; he forgot, but Raouel hasn’t forgotten
about his strength penalty.

Action, the expression of agency, and rules, a limit on the extent of action.
There is no game without both, but the ideal system emphasises how free the
player is, not how limited they are. Raouel sandbagged Logan’s attempt to cut
off the jaw of ‘The Spirit Machine’, handwaved Stokely’s suggestion to bring
down a chandelier on top of the beast, and forbade Haraway’s very likely bid to
haywire it using her mechanology. Any idea outside of the box — one that would
reward creativity — was stomped out like it was made of wet cardboard. When the
party tediously defeated it without much ceremony, Raouel narrated that ‘it lay
broken and whimpering as if pleading for mercy’. Robotic intelligence emulating
animal behaviour is pretty interesting, but the party stopped caring six combat
turns in. They move on without much aplomb. Raouel panics.

“Wait — don’t you want to inspect the body?”

“Is there anything worth looting on it?” asks Haraway.

“You, ahem, begin investigating, uh…”

“I didn’t say I was, though?”

“Investigating… the, the destroyed remains of the metal-clad monstrosity.
Rummaging through its parts… you… You, Haraway, ah, recognise something. A
whirring core that bears the, that belongs to the exiled mechanologist faction,
the Inquest — ” She sighs, being used to this.

“Look at this little gizmo, everyone! I show everyone the whirring core.” “You
found a prize!” Yarrow adds enthusiastically. Both persons giggle.

“H, how does Haraway feel about that? Seeing technology of her rivals in this
place?”

“Oh. I’m quite surprised, but I keep it to myself. Don’t want to distract us
from the mission.”

Raouel frustrates his lip with a tooth. Yarrow notices, the game master’s look
one of frustrated jealousy, and asks if he’s okay. He doesn’t respond, instead
resuming the game. The party is railroaded through considerably fewer
booby-trapped halls and triggers noticeably fewer interesting events up until
they arrive at the destination of their long-forgotten quest: the throne room.
Stokely pretends he’s too weak to open the entrance doors, so Logan, almost
flirtatiously, rolls up his tunic sleeves and slowly opens the heavy doors.
Raouel welcomes the party to their destination:

“The throne room is a wide, bright room decorated with the world’s riches and,
at the far end, is a single, gaudy, jewelled seat.”

Yarrow shoots from his seat, his face severe.

“What?”

“Uh, wow. That’s quite the reaction,” Logan sneers. “Yarrow, It’s just a
throne,” Stokely chuckles. “Do you… need to go to the bathroom?” Haraway
wonders. Raouel says nothing, but watches carefully.

“No. No, I don’t. And it’s not just a throne. It’s my throne.” “What? Oh, you’re
doing a bit. Frawd, are you overcome with a lust for lucre.” “No, I’m not doing
a bit, Lo — “ Yarrow stops himself before he betrays the fact he doesn’t know
his real name. “It’s not a bit. It’s, I used that exact description one month
ago.” “Used it? For what?”

“No, you didn’t,” Raoeul rests his head against his hand, “now sit down.” “How
do you know?” “Who do you think tests your levels, Yarrow? Don’t be paranoid,
you just misremembered. No one’s stealing from you, but you’re stealing our
time.” “I, uh, m” Yarrow’s voice withdraws turtle-like down his esophagus, any
trace of indignation and surprise distilled to a non-effective dosage. Shame
fills the silence left behind by a voice, buffers it. He’s certain that, but is
he, wait, am I?

“Like, a throne room? C’mon, Yarrow, anyone can come up with that. Besides,”

That’s definitely true. It’s the standard of any castle map, but the phrasing,
and the next phrase, barely a whisper, scarcely audible from behind that tall GM
screen of his, was so insidious, carried so much weight, mapped exactly the
positionalities between them, that Yarrow had to excuse himself , amidst worried
faces and an annoyed one — Um, I, I don’t feel so good, I’m gonna head home, go
on without me, I’m not that useful anyway, haha:

“you’re not worth copying.”

Back at home late, Yarrow is sweating. Liefde is already in bed, so he opts to
sleep on the couch and not wake him up. At least, if he could sleep at all.
Toiling with the blankets, switching positions from under the covers to on top
of them to next to them, shaking his leg to punching his leg to waiting for the
ice pack to cool, hating all he’s done to crying in the sink to eating an
unhealthy amount of chocolate spread out the jar, Yarrow is a lost cause to
sleep, unable to challenge the darkness by keeping his eyes closed but his mind
held agape. Four words, four words, when Liefde told him he loved him in Dutch,
those were four words, Ik hou van je, he added a fifth, zoveel, but Raouel said
four, too, and he feels the opposite of then. Back then, he said me too, now, no
words come, only restlessness and the promise of exhaustion.

As time-waster and more (metaphorical) comfort food, Yarrow watches lore videos
on his most recent published game: Script of False Idols. His complexion looks
beautiful in the blue light of his laptop. When the textures for random
characters were being made, he made 15 extra trips on top of his usual 20, to
the lighting department — Look at this, no look at this, look at me, do you
think they look good in this lighting, they look like demons, am I a demon, fix
it, take your engines and, and, black skin deserves better. God, I hate video
games. He’d told them all about Kodak film and Shirley cards, made the artists
make beautiful his siblings, the technology that won’t account for him will be
made right, justice coded into the system. In light, Yarrow and Liefde and
everyone else is beautiful.

In Script of False Idols, the player is a playwright-turned-warrior who is
forced to play through all his hyperviolent plays as punishment for his louche
writing style. Yarrow follows the narrator’s camera as if it were his own eye;
he recalls those three long years and every creative decision he made. Every
revised build, how the buildings were furnished over time, the grass’
colouration browned like he wanted, the bloodstains he placed on walls were
given actual liquid physics. The narrator shows particular interest in two
bloodstains in the ballroom from level 3: when the player pulls out their torch,
they can see that one of the puddles is fresher than the other. That’s brilliant
level design, Yarrow thinks to himself.

He thinks, he thinks.

I didn’t put that there.

His head splits open with the memory of only ever putting one bloodstain on the
marble tiles— he argued with the producer over the non-contribution a second
bloodstain would make. The narrator continues, entertaining the implication of
two dancers, locked in a waltz, who stabbed each other on subsequent measures.
Yarrow had insisted on one, just the one, because in his head, a ballroom, the
red on white, is the perfect scene of an assassination. One or two bloodstains,
it doesn’t matter; it adds nothing — it’s empty storytelling. He frantically
opens up another video, Gun Priest IV, this time. The secret passage behind the
altar is gone, instead it got moved underneath it. Another, Village Youngman and
the World Saving Quest. The village elder’s attic doesn’t have a chest with the
game-breaking Grass-Cutting Sword anymore. Where did all these things go? All
these secrets, all these additions, all these little inputs. Yarrow knows well,
so well, that they’re meaningless outside of the game, but then, but then, then
why is he feeling like this? Why is he screaming like this?

Coldly, he shivers in Liefde’s cradling arms, like he always does when work
catches up with him and nothing adds up.

The fourth session

At the office, Raouel asked if everything was okay. It was genuine and
heartfelt, as if he felt responsible and, more importantly, accountable; ready
to make amends. His offer for another session this Saturday was a welcome
distraction from the crunch time the producer had called into life for the fifth
time this project. At his suggestion, he’s sat down opposite of Raouel instead
of to his left.

“I’m the first one here? Normally everyone arrives before me.” “Oh, they won’t
be coming today.” “What?” “We need to talk about what you’ve missed.”

There is a cold sharpness in his breath, like the drawing of a dagger.

“What do you mean?” “You didn’t get to see the finished product, so it’s time
for you to catch up.” “Oh, okay. I guess that makes sen — Ah!”

Raouel scares Yarrow by nonchalantly lifting a small box on the table, filled
with paper shreds. “So,” the game master starts, “as the party entered the
throne room, decorated with the world’s riches and, at the far end, a single,
gaudy, jewelled seat,”

Is he doing that on purpose?

One by one, he lays them on the table. “Logan found out that the throne itself
was actually a trapdoor trigger, which caused the floor to collapse.”

Oh no.

Like a jigsaw puzzle, he slowly assembles them, connecting more and more pieces
of what seems to be a map. “All of you fell into separate, distinct dungeons.
Everyone else got out last session, so you, Frawd, need to escape.”

That’s what I put into the game. Well, not the separate dungeon bits. That’s
new, but, this is exactly what I sent in. No doubt about it, Yarrow’s thoughts
mix with nervosity and the shaking of his leg reverberates all the way to the
chess rook representing his (combat-averse) character.

“What do you want from me?” Yarrow asks in a diffident tone. “For you to realise
your vision isn’t always the right one.” “What… does that mean?” “I don’t like
to metagame, but, try casting Predict Future.”

Yarrow tries to, then, and Raouel flat-out rejects him. An anti-magic field
permeates the dungeon, apparently, and it drones all the way through to the room
they’re sitting in. That same double-edged snarkiness he suspected in Logan’s
never-ending quips, Yarrow is now feeling in Raouel, yes, but also from the rest
of the campaign so far. Even the room, them face-to-face, even the rook, it
catches up with him as a retrospect. He feels light-headed.

Raouel flips over the last piece of paper — Yarrow recognises it instantly.

“That’s Lavan-Mavan… this isn’t a coincidence, is it?” “Of course not.” “Then
why, why did you pretend you didn’t get the reference?” “Is it a reference if
it’s my work?”

“What? We work for the same studio.”

Raouel’s shrugging shoulders stand out from behind his GM screen.

“I tested that castle, I tested all your castles, your so-called specialties.
And you know what I did? I assured their quality. I know all about the way you
design and how you want the world to speak for itself. Very noble, you’re such
an auteur. But it still has to be playable. You added nothing but work on my
plate with your pretentious bullshit.”

He’s not wrong, Yarrow knows this. The experience, as has been made clear
throughout the game they’ve been playing, is more important than the rules
around it. Don’t force a player to abide the rules — adjust the rules to match
the player. And what is a map but rules of the land? Yarrow often felt
self-important, but is that a bad thing if it’s a great result?

“I’m good at what I do. I made sure the base was there.” “And I made sure it
became a finished product. Whose credit is that?” “So, what, you edited all my
levels? That’s not your job. You have to tell me that so I can fix them.” “The
producer is just as up his own ass as you are, Yarrow Kaarter. Believe me, I’d
have loved nothing more but send back your builds with my 20 pages of complaints
attached. But no, he told me not to disturb you, that I should fix it himself.”

So that’s why. What an absurd idea — QA never getting back to him, never sending
any single message his way, why would that be a proof of expertise? It’s always
been a lack of communication, in this case even an embargo. All the praise, the
reviews, the (very infrequent) bonuses, all the videos that were made, they
weren’t actually in any way relevant to Yarrow, it seems. They were meant for
Raouel and his ability to, apparently, make better.

“Raouel, can I ask you a question?” “Heh, sure.” “Are you fucking serious,
dude?” “Come again?”

Yarrow starts to laugh. Raouel starts to get mad.

“What does this have to do with me? I knew the producer was an arrogant idiot,
but this much? I didn’t know about this, because apparently he didn’t want me to
know, he just worked me to the bone. Like, jeez, I’ll just have a word with
him.”

He stands up, his leg’s stopped shaking. Raouel shrinks in his chair, melting
behind his screen in a hot wash of shame and guilt, but Yarrow keeps the
eye-contact appropriately confrontational.

“But this. Is this, like, your idea of a boss battle? You, sitting across from
me, telling me all this, all grandstanding? Did you seriously bear a grudge on
me for five years over a video game? You couldn’t just go up and tell me? You
had to seriously, like, torture me and make me doubt myself?”

Yarrow suddenly remembers that he was missing two words he wanted to say to
Raouel for last session.

“Fuck you.”

Everything Yarrow said he’d do, he did. He nearly lost his job for yelling at
the producer — not only for this weird behind-the-scenes deal, but also for
working him to the teeth, grinding him into bonemeal, stomping him into insecure
dust. The lack of feedback kept the pressure on, kept the stress growing, kept
the balloons popping, kept the therapy programmes going, kept the wallet small.
He persuaded a few days off, paid.

Raouel came around, too, having realised how dejectedly pathetic he was being.
Since learning that, things have been less insidious between them, although they
did agree it was better they not play Lairs & Lizards together again. But now,
they actually start working together. His master plan ended up being nothing but
a petulant, pitty revenge fantasy that was stoked by the same fire Yarrow was
also suffering under: crunch.

Yarrow was at home when, out of coincidental curiousity, checked the first
proper feedback of his castle build. Raouel wasn’t kidding: it really was twenty
pages.

Liefde held Yarrow as he had to cope with what criticism is like.

If we take a look, and by we it is meant all participants in a certain cognitive
nexus, a method of looking, a thinking-way, at the distance between a city and
the next, and therefore, the two interrelated cities themselves invoked by this
measure of betweenness, we may see, for instance, depending on the person and
the person’s upbringing and the habitus of the person that slipped into their
skin while they were asleep or otherwise not paying attention, a comparison
occurs. The road, as the line between a point A and a point B, will place both A
and B on a vector, two sites that are made related, despite all the differences,
but it is precisely these differences that will make one citizen think, “Hmm, I
prefer the lophar woolcoats there over the ones they make here.”

This, of course, is referring to differences in clothing preparation that may be
culturally engrained, which, quite comically, came about as an accident, when a
sleepy tailor, more than 300 years ago, dropped her lophar shavings into the pot
boiling with drunksparce oil, two separate disciplines (and typically reserved
for different social classes!) hardened together as if they’ve never been apart.
The taste is in the story, as every city henceforth prepares these wools the
exact same way, but the distance to an arbitrary notion (such as origin,
authenticity, and the elusive personable factor) is waylaid to a physical,
measurable road – it was invented here, therefore, it must be better here. It is
not so much a true statement as it is a sentimental presupposition, which,
pertaining to these famous delicacies, is harmless, but when the road is
invoked, with two differing people at its extremes, it becomes competition. Most
simply nap in their woolly coats, however.

Of course, this is a severely limited thinking-way, and therefore serves as a
frequent cause of frustration, shouting contests, and snackbar fights, as a road
is constructed between two deliberate points. A road is made and there is a
reason for it to exist, but it ignores every perceivable node existing on that
vector. What about point C, D, E – Z, letters not on the common alphabet or ones
we haven’t been introduced to yet?

Take point Low Lake, an ex-city previously populated by the once-proud, now
miserable frostfolk who melted when the world became too warm and who continue
existing as quite grumpy puddles of people-liquid (their true name, the sound
that ice makes when it meets something it hasn’t frozen before, has become lost
through irreplaceability, hence the reductive, colonial ‘frostfolk’). The road
that came after leads through the memories of their grand, evaporated
architectures seems almost sadistic, its unsinkable citizenry stepped into by
travellers who come prepared with tailor-made rainboots, droplets of their
consciousness carried on rubber soles to unreachable places. Does water feel
pain? Best not think about it. But it was also this road that spread the
Festival of Floes (the sound of ‘water crackling into the snowflake it dreams of
being’) to places beyond its icy, incommunicado walls. Are we, the same
participants, allowed to simply re-enact rituals as long as it gives us joy? A
census of 7,000 people would protest, but they are nothing but whine-water.

A road also does not include anything outside its path, the wilderness outside
its paved dirt nothing but a wilderness for those who travel it (remember: only
the cities matter). Though the philosophical problem arises of thinking in
absolutes, this is of no care to the mushroom people, deep in Forest (no article
applies), who, through even the simple act of designation, have been assailed in
the deepest core of their culture. Their culture, you see, is all there is, and
our thinking-way puts them on the same vector as ours, an object of
consideration, but there is no ‘them’. There is only ‘the culture’. All we may
identify that belongs (again, an affront to everything ‘they’ stand for, as
property is an arrogant abuse of sentience) to the singular collective of ‘the
culture’, is, in and of itself, ‘the culture’. It may be correct to say they, or
it, does not have identity, but it has sentience and it has units.

A mushroom, with its flat, disc-shaped head, its mitten-like hands and colourful
fashions, is as much the totality of ‘the culture’ as is any one tree used as
hollowed-out homes in Forest. Even their drawers, which are not furniture but
symbiotic agreements of necessity growing from tree trunks where all
non-locomotive units rest until needed, is all the culture. There are no names,
no concepts, no other word besides itself. However! It, unlike the frostfolk, is
not isolated: it is not self-important. Being one, it has survival in mind, and
will adapt accordingly. Including crafts and commerce – visit Forest (you are
welcome to) and you will see the lovely, ambrosial sight of mushrooms working
wood into applications (they call it ‘helping’). Moreover, merchants appear
regular in cities, covered with satchels and baskets, ready to trade units of
the culture in exchange for something deemed necessary for growth and survival
(they call this exchange ‘adopting’). There would have been different outcomes,
had the road been missing, but we, yes, still that same we, must work the world
for what it is, for better or worse: we now have delicious mushrooms in our
stews.

A line inflates the importance of its points, and the journey on it is of equal
boast, it does not provide appropriate respect for the multiplicities of spaces
that exist neither despite or because of it. This is, however, not an appeal to
stop thinking in lines. We should continue to, but in the plural (one
hard-to-follow man might refer to such as a rhizome). Roads lead to places, but
what do they lead? Circumstantialities, really, ever ending and never stopping.
Point A is as arbitrary as point B, and looking at them as points in time, not
in place, lets us enjoy subsequence: everything stacked together, thanks to the
roads, culminated into a thing or idea or commonality.

The first celebrations of the Festival of Floes, copied from the smelted, didn’t
really work out. Holding ice and thinking of warmth is a great coping mechanism
for those lost in the snow, but for the people in the squares, it was nothing
but frostbite. Then the awkward weaver bumbled a textile that insulated and
could be dyed easily, and the fluffy gold-purple woolcoats emerged, which easily
covered the shivering participants as they thought fondly of their fondest
memories – when they met each other, when they continued to stay with each
other. Standing communally in the cold strengthens bonds (the lines between
people), but also gives them very empty bellies. Many songs have been written
about the trio (three-one) of mushroom merchants who let the hungry celebrants
adopt a hundred baskets of fungi as a gift of well-meaning. The seasonal stew
that relies on this ingredient has eroded all bickers between people
representing point A, respectively, point B, as it continues to taste
miraculously anywhere. Such additions of accidence is thanks to roads and their
cultures, a diversity of let’s-be. Once the points converge, and the lines form
a circle, a big circle of many exceptionalities, excesses, and expressions, the
transcendental of mutual consideration and equal import, well, it makes the
world (typically a circle) a better place.

Sadism demands a story, so mine began in a puddle of blood. The headless corpse
of my mother, the wound of her neck poured and pulsed – her heart had not
stopped, for her hate lingered beyond the killing blow. Beneath my mother, the
wet black of blood had become an old stain. Beyond that atramental halo a
greying expanse of a dying land. The ground transformed into a glutton, drowning
in black milk. It was subsumed by the very thing it feasted on; no mouth can
master itself. This mixture of dirt and damnation, burning and poisonous, could
only ever be expressed by, what else is there left to say than to speak nothing,
raw destructivity. From this process, I became whole.

I crawled my way out with the blood, careful not to damage her beautiful body. I
carried bits of her and I was covered in her corrosive red – I was new. The
stench of festering rot, the crumbled remnants of fever trees, my hands balled
into bleeding fists. I turned to look at my mother, and I was immediately
purposed. The body lay still, vandalised and symbolic, the head nowhere to be
found. Incomplete. Imperfect. It was like a statue in its importance, petrified
by my lament, my gaze only scratched the surface of true pulchritude, preserved
in marbled stone. I did not know what had happened, I did not understand the
meaning of what I saw, but desecration is recognisable by what it undoes.

I would seek the perpetrator for undoing perfection.

The land seemed brittle when I walked. Every step I took, took away from its
colour and its heart. When I came upon a village, the inhabitants froze in fear.
They and their scarce crops withered from the brush of my little fingers, the
wheat retracting into death as to not become mine. Food could not sate this
hunger, anyway, and neither could I call possession a priority, for this object
of my anger had no material worth. I mourned what I caused, but I knew that no
regret could ever outgrew these inflicted wounds. Generations of trauma paced
behind my feet as I marched away from Libya.

First, I sought the family I didn’t know I had: my aunts. They would know more
about my mother’s passing. They wouldn’t know me. Yet, we all know, eternal
bonds are forged in castigative rage. Perhaps wrath – an excess of fear – is a
commonality between women, dyed in the wool, red strings of fate that tie
instinct to action. My instinct brought me to her uncharted worlds, often
conceived as feral, untamed lands, though the question remains of whose maps are
they measured with? Men will ignore what lies beyond their knowledge, a boundary
marking their territorial downfall. These deepest, unexplored reaches allowed
three women to organise in secrecy – we know this as safety.

The eldest, with her broad shoulders and hands shaped to keep what cannot be
taken, welcomed me into her home and bosom. To her, I was a shard of resected
history which had found its way back by accident. We showed our feelings, the
natural thing to do. I, my ire, my eyes clamped shut to dam the tears; she, the
sheathed and dulled sword of grief, her red snakes nestled in resignation. She
spoke, softly, betraying that her voice must have once had cut and seared and
controlled, that it feels like a century since her sister died. I tacitly
agreed. We both knew that it may have been that long.

The middlemost sister, though now the youngest, rose and asked me what I aim to
do. To avenge my mother, I admitted, and I only needed a name. They had tried
before, she admitted sibilantly, but the gods had sided with him. Even the
goddess of justice, Dikē herself, prayed to most by other women, could not hold
this reprehensible deed as accountable, or its practitioner as responsible.
Before I asked who, I wished to know, why? What could make a man behead and
trophy a woman? They replied that my mother, no less bestial than her murderer,
was an object, not an objection, to the desire of Perseus. Hearing that name, I
said my loving farewells and promise of return to Euryace and Stheno, before
setting out once more. Homer may liken my sorrow to the destiny of Odysseus – I
welcome the justification.

It was halfway, or perhaps one-tenth of the way, or the last thing I saw before
Perseus, that I met another woman. Hers were beautiful fixtures – carved, yet in
no way louche. She was stone, though not sculpted, and could therefore meet my
eyes. She stood still, elegant and wise, unshakable and powerful, and let me
slither around her. She knew that I’d been looking for a man, though not out of
pithy desire or social need. She applauded my wish to kill: finally, an honest
woman.

Sphinx told me about another man: Oedipus was his name. She posed the man a
riddle, a simple one, even I’d heard it before, and in the utmost of irony,
besought him for an answer. He gave it, triumphantly, the answer was ‘man’, and
he mistook her scoff for his victory. The universality of ‘man’ in question was
meant as scathe, an admission of self-importance, yet Oedipus never once
considered who asks the question, a woman of power. When the world is claimed by
men, blind in the false security that all questions and all answers should
arrive in their favour. Ignorance can be a shelter, impervious to clever words
like a stone, but erosion comes with winds of change.

We shared a bed – our bodies were hard, and like she received my eyes, I
received her. In the morning, we parted ways. I was new to it, but I understood
that we weren’t to see each other again. Stone warms slowly, but it only took
one night.

It wasn’t by any means difficult to track Perseus. The glory of his exploits,
the monuments to his slaughter, the affect of his story, all were linear and
predictable, both geographically and narratively. These spoils led me to
Mycenae, which he founded and which he ruled, a land parasitised. Buildings and
statuary sprouted like a fungal growth, celebrating him as the bringer of
colony. His means and end were trophies, reducing my mother to contest and her
death to game. The marble raised in his name, aesthetics used as a metaphor and
as a lie, kalon struck into every etch, they showed his supple beauty, his
ideality, his perfection. I finally knew what it looked like. I would undo it.

The only statue in his house was of my mother. Her head – her real head – was in
his hands. Her body had been stripped of honour, of her wings. She stood
lifeless and solemn, a symbol of triumph for anyone that agreed. What I saw was
neither victory nor defeat, however. I saw grace and strength in the face of
cruelty. He, however, was laughable. Old, frail, time-tested. He sat skeletally
on his throne, but even that exhausted him. The warrior! The victor! The hero! A
flatulent man who has outgrown his bored glory, clutching a shield as a mother
would a child. Time takes all, eventually, but before it does, men take much
more. I conceded to give him what had been a long time coming.

Now there were two statues in his house. A feeble megalomania eternalised,
encased in a skin of stone. I did not even give him time to scream, let alone
wake. I never once pretended to be the moral party, for what use is morality
when it turns murderers into heroes and victims into monsters? I denied him the
closure of acceptance or the fairness of facing death; that would require
empathy. Empathy, subsequently, requires a subject. And a subject requires some
sort of understanding. A meeting of eyes and a nod. Our eyes never met – my gaze
saw only resentment, which requires only an object. I objectified him, a
petrifying reciprocity.

My mother turned to stone anyone who looked at her. A punishment for the conceit
of a gaze. I turn to stone anyone who I look at. A fury for suffering undergone.

I get no name, nor do I want one, so remember that of the woman who was killed
for a story: Medusa. I am the basilisk, a stifled vengeance in the throat of
women, and I have avenged them.

Beyond a nebula, hidden in the cosmic breath of the universe, there is a star
that no one has even heard of. No one knows where to look for it, let alone how
to think of it. It is categorically alone, which seems almost sad in the
description of things, loneliness is a terrifying idea. But a star is only
plasma and a bit of gas, unaffected by the whimsy of human emotion, instead
prone to the irregularities of astronomical phenomena and the baffling laws of
physics hurriedly drafted around them, done so by a flock of intelligent sorts
who want to verify the existence of something else than ourselves. Proof that
we, as a people, however vague or unscientific the definitions may be, are not
alone, or worse, lonely.

Normally, starlight takes eons to convey its absence to us. Then it’s quite
strange, isn’t it? For this star’s light to be instant, forming an unworn diadem
in the night sky? But no one saw. There was no observation, no confirmed input,
no reason to turn our attention toward it. Had we been looking, we could have
grasped that this star had always been there and special. But science, our stern
parent, had nothing to say about this. This obscure star flickered, like a
bathroom light at the worst possible moment. And almost as inexplicably,
everyone in the city suddenly needed to find a third.

As if there was never any doubt it would play out this way. Everything important
becomes a jigsaw puzzle in hindsight. Before that moment, that little chaos, the
nervous uncertainty scratching our throats and hearts and hands gripping bars
for an answer or a resolution, there is no puzzle and there are no pieces.
History does not have a direction, it is not a reverse teleology. There is only
a lot that doesn’t make sense and it sucks. History is made to happen, a
collective task. It just needs a starting signal.

Though maybe I’m being bitter. But how could I not be? I never needed a third.

From the place I was in I could see that star, from a little window, from 4:37
till 5:17. Before and beyond, only lamplight. To help pass the time, I read
history books, the quirky and the beautiful kind. Mothlike, I was distracted by
progress, when the wheel broke free from the mud of time. I was captivated with
the people that pushed, the dirty shoes, and the window of opportunity.

From that same window, I saw all sorts of shoes: torn or restored or wet, his
shoes, some shoes passed by three, sometimes four times a day. When the star
flickered, there was a great stampede of shoes until I saw no more shoes at all.
Like they finally went where they needed to be and could stay. My door had come
unlocked. The house was empty except for just me. I understood what had happened
– I prayed for whoever his third was – but for me, it was the first good thing
that happened in a while.

Then, there were a bat and a frog. In the middle of the room, sitting patiently
on the tray that used to carry my food. I was hungry like always.

“Hi there?” I stuttered. “Hello!” said the bat.

I flinched: animals aren’t supposed to do that. A talking bat should have been
the least surprising thing given the circumstances. But, call me old-fashioned,
it was still something I had to get used to.

“Can… Can I help you?” “You coming out of your room is what we’ve been waiting
for, so you just did!” “Yes, thank you,” added the frog with an air of
self-respect.

I had to rub my eyes to really believe what I saw, and clearing my vision only
pulled my attention to their quaint little bodies. The free-tailed bat was
wearing, what would seem, a pair of pilot goggles strapped tightly around his
sprightly head, complete with holes for his long ears to go through. The frog,
much more surprisingly and wonderful, had a little cape on, purple and suede
with two copper strings tying it neatly around her big neck.

“I see you’re a little confused. I’m sure you feel the new way of things –
everyone does! But the long and short of it, you are our third. Or maybe our
second? It’s hard to explain, and I’m not that bright, so I won’t. But all you
need to know is two simple things: we need you and you’re so special to us.”

“What is a ‘third’, exactly?” “Well, that is… Uhhh! …Arevaló?” “I will try,
Tephenon,” the frog turned to me. “It is difficult to place into words. It is
not fate or destiny, nor is it whimsical chance. It is the truest gaze to peer
into oneself. No longer obfuscated by mists of the mind, knowing what is needed
and what is to be done to obtain it. Does that make sense?”

It was boggling to wrap my head around, so I responded honestly.

“I have no idea what you’re talking about.” “Don’t you feel it, too? That one of
us is your third?” “Not really, I don’t think I even have a second, haha.”

The two seemed simultaneously offended and understanding, assuming I’d learned
to accurately read animal body language in the past ten minutes. That made sense
to me: having this instinct to love and support someone only to find they don’t
return the same. But I didn’t reject them – why would I? Care always comes from
strange places; it will look foreign when the borders of the soul act as a
quarantine.

“Soo… Tephenon and Arevaló? How come you can talk?” “Waoah! How do you know our
names?!” “They overheard us, naturally.” “Of course…” “An easy answer,
nonetheless. Just like any other language – Squirrelite, Buggine, French-Rodent,
and so on, we learned to speak it. Might we know your name?” requested Arevaló
politely. That low baritone of hers, it was how wisdom sounded, a thrumming
mixture of instruction and empathy. My skin shivered warmly, eager to give
anyone my name:

“I’m Alright.”

On the coat rack near the front door hung a green jacket. It was his once.
Tephenon asked if the both of them could hang out in the hood; I had the longest
legs, so travel could be so much easier. I agreed. They hopped in and gave my
ears a ticklish kiss.

What seemed so statistically unlikely mere moments ago had just happened, gently
and simply. The two of them had been waiting in my living room for three days,
feasting on the abundant leftovers and flies in the house, expecting my
triumphant entrance. I had been swallowed by a hostile sort of solitude, a rat
in a cage is only suspicious when let out. But when I stepped out, I was
congratulated.

I felt relief and gratitude to nothing in particular, maybe to myself. I’d
forgotten what the point was of the resistance, the resignation, the
distraction. Time without goals erodes all meaning; it was easier to start
counting the hours instead of awaiting the end. I don’t feel hurt or ashamed for
knowing I had to adapt: pulling through takes a lot out of you. But, I slammed
the door shut so hard it came flying off the handles, and it perplexed me:

Wow. Huh. It’d been worth it.

“Here you go,” I gave my two friends sugar cubes to snack on. We stopped near a
familiar building. A healthcare service, one I visited every six months. He made
me lie to the officer, that I was happy and just clumsy, so I’d get my pills. I
took my pill and looked around. Its tall glass panes had been smashed apart and
only birds decided it was worth living in; I wish I could have witnessed such a
spectacle, the fall of a crystal palace, yet I avoided looking at my reflection
scattered across broken shards.

“How did the two of you meet?”

“Oh, I, seem to have forgotten,” Tephenon replied. “I’m sorry, I don’t know a
lot.” “There are times when Tephenon regrets not knowing a lot; I assure him he
knows enough: honesty and care.” Arevaló spoke with dependency. “Two things is
enough to know?” “Yes, if that is what you act with.” She turned to me.

“My pond was polluted by humans. Over weeks, children died. Later still, our
wombs were still. Then our hearts stopped. It was soon to be my turn, when he
arrived.” “Oh, oh! I remember! I was looking for food!” “Indeed,” she chuckled.
“Hungry as he was, he refused to leave me and permitted me to live. One bite and
I would be gone, but instead he carried me to the cleanest lake. We shared water
without plastics for the first time. We haven’t been apart since.”

The broken lobby fell quiet with love, a true kind of affection that has been
proven once and needs no reminders. No torment in favour of strengthening; no
spite in favour of pardon. It clashed with the building and its lost purpose. I
used to think of it as a great tree, so tall with its branches that reach
everywhere and the caterpillars that eat and grow fat. I couldn’t pluck its
fruits – I wasn’t even allowed the water from the coolers. Child services
listened and coordinated, but never intervened. Turned me into a number, a token
that I was a problem. But that wasn’t the case anymore.

I wasn’t a case anymore.

The elevator opened with a ding. Two children and a woman. The children tensed
up and the woman drew a weapon, though quickly drew blood with a cough.

“Are you with the Breakers?” yelped a child. “Wait, hold on know. I don’t know
what that is.” “Bad people, they want to hurt her. They want to hurt everyone,”
trembled the other.

The gritty woman seeped blood as she rose to her knees. With a leap, she slammed
one into my stomach, knocking me into a nearby desk. Patient files fluttered
like a storm of butterflies, wings like deceptively vibrant waiting rooms,
proboscides sucking up nectar. The file of H. Missend fell on my face.

Tephenon had come to my rescue, applying a daring chomp to my attacker.

“Ow ow ow! What the hell?”

 “You hit my friend, you face the wrath of Tephenon the Vegetarian!”

One of the kids simply picked him up by the goggles. The other assisted the
woman.

“Unhand me, villain…!!”

“Look, sib, this bat is wearing goggles. How cute!” “Sib, I don’t think they’re
a Breaker…” “I can see that now.” The woman wiped her mouth but didn’t bother
washing the remaining red streak.

“Sorry about that. Your coat’s green, so I figured… can’t be too careful around
here.” Her bloody palm opened at me, calloused and burst. “Wish you hadn’t done
that, but honestly, I’ve had worse.” I took her hand and she effortlessly pulled
me up – I had to massage her grip from my hand.

“I’m Alright.” “Really? Because I hit you super hard.” “Yeah, no, I mean, that’s
my name. Alright.” “Oh! That’s funny. I’m Helderheid.”

We sat down surrounded by glass and paper and started talking: getting slugged
in the face does a lot to break the ice. The kids sat on her lap, humming and
enjoying the touch of her fingers on their head, careful not to dislodge the
almond tree blossom petals in their hair.

“I didn’t catch the names of these two.” “They don’t have any, as far as I
know.” “Oh. They aren’t yours?” “No. They’d lost their mother to the riots,
found them locked in their apartment. But we’ve been having one big adventure,
right?” “Yeah!” the twins chirped, immediately falling back asleep.

The riots had happened only three days ago, but the way they were talked about
was strange. Like it had been longer than that, ages ago, the memory no longer
embedded in the skin worn by the present. The losses had been honoured, ashes
scattered, the new wind left them behind. In the recollection of the past, there
was only activity: a movement to the future.

“So, Alright, what about you? What are you doing here? You still searchin’?”
“No, I’m travelling. I’m theirs, I think.” I gestured at the frog and the bat,
who were discussing if blood-drinking was vegetarian.

Helderheid quirked her ringed eyebrow, the creases around her eyes and the
strength of her jaw tightened in disbelief like a parent at a child’s obvious
lie.

“Right. And you haven’t run into trouble with the Breakers?” “One of the kids
mentioned that – who are they?” “History repeating itself,” Helderheid smirked
ruefully. I tilted my head.

“This thing that’s happening, the, what to even call it? The Swelling? It,
apparently, didn’t happen anywhere except this city. Families reunited, farmers
and workers marched unbound, arms linked like a chain, prisoners were freed,
attended, and assisted, bankers and the broke kissed on top of skyscrapers,
upending boxes of credit bills and debts… well, when that happens, governments
freak. We’ve been called a massacre, an uprising, a revolution. Whatever reason
they’re using now, the response seems to always involve the military.”

It was simultaneously cruel and disheartening to hear this. That this return to
the elementary was met with lethal force. Armies marched on people who took the
brave leap from the mired, the convoluted, the exploitative, to the local, the
solidary, the intimate. The Paris Commune, its ideas like cannons aimed at the
enemies of a common brood, had been broken for its prismatic dream. To dream,
not the baseless, hopeful escapism, but the utopic, crystallised vision which
will be built step for step, never fails to attract the hammers.

“Are we… in danger?”

All she responded with was a sad glance at the children curled up on her lap.

“I hope not.” “Why are you here, anyway?” “You first.” “I’d hoped to find this
place burned to the ground. This is the best next thing.” “Then we’re on the
same page. I came here to destroy some, ah, evidence. Just making sure, in case
things return to nor…I mean, regress back.”

I handed her the file.

“H. Missend?”

Without a word, blood in hand, she crumpled it all. What had been compiled, no
longer needed to exist. The ending of the hive. Even if things didn’t revert
back, the act was one of power and of symbolism. I couldn’t have seen why it was
necessary before, but now that it happened, I was convinced it was.

I searched for my file, this infestation, and tore it apart with a smile.

For three days, there had been pandemonium in the streets, which closely
resembles crowds and celebrations and my hometown of Tilburg celebrating
carnival for two weeks, a time during which it is known as ‘Kruikenstad’ – city
of jars. As people’s bladders received no reprieve from beer, they pissed in the
clay jars they had managed to prepare before the bacchanal. The morning after,
call it symbiosis, the hangovered masses marched the amphorae filled with the
ammonium of the people to the woolworkers in the countryside, whose tunics and
coats, indeed made from seepage, clothed the same people for the next parade.
Drunkenness is no stranger to what happens in the streets, but chaos, that
unprincipled truth, has no comparable aim, and instead, people are inebriated
with instincts for survival, the deadliest kind.

The city was taken by storm and there were no documentaries, no frightening news
reports, no smug experts on TV deigning to tell us how it really is. These
distracting images were left well alone, because, so simply, people had had
enough of being alone. Houses emptied and the masses gathered in the streets,
though it lacked the customary celebrations and sporadic kissing you’d expect
with these great emotional swellings. Squares filled with asphyxiating
desperation. People pressed shoulder-to-shoulder, shoulder-to-face,
face-to-wherever as eyes scanned face to face, hoping to spot the correct one.
Death lurks in these masses.

Models of risks calculation accumulated valuable data as the casualties piled
up. So factual and dispassionate, these results without probable cause, no one
deserves them. The reports say 2,493, all crushed and suffocated. So many
looking for their third could be found at their own funerals, a heartbreak as
simple as a bird set free, the cruellest irony is to lose oneself in the search
for another.

The end had been broadcast as numbers on a screen. No images were released, odd
for a disaster, those sensational sights, ensuring there was no evidence of what
the Breakers did.

I told Tephenon and Arevaló about this street. It’s easy to like: the row houses
aligning the road as if watching a parade, the informally unnecessary traffic
regulations, the u-shaped shopping street with the cheaper and the expensive
grocery stores visited by the miserly rich and the self-caring poor
respectively, the family of hairdressers, the Islamic butchers side-by-side, the
old crones drinking tall beers at their pub way before noon, the winks of
security guards as they let people pass, though not with impunity, understanding
why and in no hurry to discipline. I’d feared coming back, that was my constant
worry after the flicker, but worry is the mirror image of guilt. Too strong
before, too strong after.

There was a familiar woman behind the pub window, following the groups of nomads
and pilgrims passing by. Her blue eyes jumped from person to person until they
fell on me. Her expression lustered, like bubbles sparkling in a champagne
glass. She leapt at me and tackled me to the ground. Her old smile, hovering
above mine, was a flower wreath.

It was my friend, Roem.

“Arevaló!” Tephenon whispered in my hood. “Our friend is under attack once
again! Get ready for battle, hiyahh!!” “Please calm down, dear. They’re
alright.” “Yes, I know, but they’re also under attack!” “No, amasius, I believe
this is a reunion. We can remain inside this hood.” “Oh! Okay. I still have much
to learn…”

“Alright! Thank you for coming here. And who’s this?” Roem waved at the twins
hiding behind my legs, clutching my jacket. “I’m Helderheid. Go on, you two.”
She urged the twins to say hi, but they were stubbornly shy. “She’s who brought
me here. Hey, I had no idea you ran a pub now.” “Well, that’s entirely by
accident.” She invited us inside, wiped Helderheid’s face while she was at it.

She spoke beautifully, spoke Oromo, spoke of embers and governments and the
smell of victory. There was no battle, only crumbling walls. State and market
had injected themselves directly into the lives of anyone living in homes, in
forests, in dirt. Every creature, human or animal, was turned into a subject, a
sousject. Movement, safety, opportunity, stability, vitality, surfaces on the
sapphire of life, all became controlled or outsourced and subsequently hollowed
out until only the jewel’s faint sheen remained. Distances decreased and the
room for alternatives shrunk. Suddenly, there was no more Us, only a You and a
Them. Still, no fortress is forever. Foundations are guarded, lest a gust tears
it down.

“And it all came tumbling down!” Roem exclaimed. How the concrete of
civilisation collapsed in on itself. The indestructible and the everlasting –
during times of crisis called irreplaceable and crucial to preserve – had
dissolved in the span of a few days. She looked appreciative, her dark hands
gestured boldly, as if they finally grasped the situation they were in. “Oh my
goodness, no more of that!” she hummed, worriless, about rent and debt and
dominion. Or rather, the complete and new lack thereof. Two women came and sat
next to her, and together they formed an even bigger wreath.

“After everything settled down, the three of us woke up in bed like it just was
an easy Sunday morning. We kissed, shared breakfast, and asked, ‘now what?’ And
we decided we would set up a little pitstop for people still searching. We have
mattresses and food – mostly canned goods and powdered coffee, but we don’t
charge for it. We just want to help people on their way.” She took the hands of
her companions. “You’re on your way, too, Alright?”

“Something like that,” I guessed. I didn’t tell her about the frog and the bat
gossiping about the awful and malicious nature of wasps in the hood of my coat.
I got lost in the two riddles I was faced with: why did I not require a third?
And why do I have these two who need me? Everyone in this city erupted with
love, so where was mine? Why was I taken but not given? Was I shunned? Avoided?
Surrounded? Am I just that broken? A lone hilltop onto myself, I rolled down,
caught in a slipstream. A battered brain sheepishly claiming it’s nobody’s fault
but your own; delusion comes easier than self-examination. (A junkyard might
collect trash, but let’s not forget this is delivered.)

I believed I wasn’t deserving of love for a second. Then, in rapid succession,
Tephenon hugged the back of my neck, and Arevaló sang a beautiful song to me,
and Roem poured me a cup of coffee, empirically proving otherwise.

“Coffee is the drink to keep us going. We have a lot ahead of us. And ‘Us’ is
strong enough.”

Helderheid covered the twins’ eyes as the trio started making out, forming an
impressive triangle with their faces.

“I hate to interrupt, but, have you had trouble with Breakers?”

Roem clicked her tongue before departing her mouth. “We have. We had the option
to come along silently, so instead we shut him up. He’s in the cellar, tied up.”
“Can I go talk to him?” Helderheid didn’t seem nearly as surprised as I was. “Be
my guest.”

Helderheid stormed off, her back shaped strong and wide with burden. I followed
suit.

“Oh, and Alright? Keep your fist and your wrist in a straight line. Hurts less
that way.”

I thanked Roem, reminding her I was a pacifist.

We arrived at a man tied up with professionality. His green coat was identical
to mine, save for the insignia stitched to the pocket. A black lozenge showing a
wall separating two red hands reaching for each other. Somewhere along the way,
the difference between police and military had disappeared – the two halves
became a whole. Order became an inward occupation. The military police was the
only thing the government bothered to spend money on, letting fare all else. And
wouldn’t you believe it, the more it expanded its scope, the more criminals
there seemed to be. Human rights had no more arbiters – did they ever? – and
appeals to civil rights were ignored by the state that legitimised them.
Suddenly, there were a lot more enemies of the state.

The man before us was the enemy. He had helped dam the waters of humanity and it
had burst.

Helderheid spared no second asking trivial questions such as “Can’t you see what
you’ve done?” or “Why are you doing this?” Instead she asked “When are they
arriving?” The soldier couldn’t even finish before a kick to the jaw dislodged
the petty defiance from his mind. “Two days,” was the man’s groan, and she
immediately left the room. I was left with him; he stared at my shoes.

“You know this cannot continue.” “Shut up. Us is strong enough.”

It wasn’t a lie and it wasn’t bravado. It was a simple truth about how things
would unfold.

Helderheid had spread the fire, the warmth and the destruction, “They’re coming
for us, that’s sure as shit, but we don’t have to wait for them. We don’t have
to put up a fight. We’ll travel. We’ll make it impossible to deal with us. It
won’t be like the first days. There will be bodies in the streets but they will
be dancing, not dying. We will be unbroken.”

Her speech was a prognostication. By the time the Breakers arrived, we were long
gone. The stories soon got out, no vessel could contain something this big, and
the news dedicated all airwaves to the ‘Unbroken’, the ‘Swelling’, the
‘Pilgrimage to People’. The interviews were heartful and memetic, the smug
experts fell victim to their own arrogance, the people in their homes saw what
they were missing, and it all provided an elegant solution: doing something
about it. Loneliness could end. No longer subject to abandonment and
retaliation, incarcerated in many aspects of life – the prison, the farms, the
workplace, to the houses and the city squares where ructions between the
careless and the hurt were mistaken for fragility –, the inauthentic duality of
being exploited and feeling meaningful only when exploited was over. They took
freedom to hand.

There were casualties, we can never forget and must continue to cherish those
who died for the new blossom of the world, but we cannot romanticise them, glory
or sacrifice aren’t prerequisites for liberation, only the military benefits
from such affects. There were survivors, most importanly, who kept doing exactly
that: surviving. The Breakers kept up the hunt but, because the world began to
find their third, though the gaping and hurting centuries cannot so easily be
stitched with charity, there would be the time for justice, and, its corollary,
ease. After three months, autarky. After three months, some equality. After
three months, a communion.

That night, the star flickered again. It was over.

We finished paving the town’s new roads. With great high trees that attracted
many birds, communities forming in the branches, it seemed more and more harmony
migrated to us with each passing day. Each brick we slotted in brought us closer
to a sense of completion. The twins helped in the way only children can, copying
the grown-ups while still doing their own, independent thing. They started
arguing, emotional friction can be sudden and rash, and everyone stopped their
work when they heard the sound of crying. It was like we remembered, shockingly,
that such a thing existed. I ran over to them and let them cry as much as they
wanted.

“Now, you two, tell me what’s wrong.” “We were picking flowers for everyone…”
“…and then we remembered they were mom’s favourite…” “…and then we thought about
why we don’t have a third…” “…and then we thought that maybe mom was our third…”
“…and… and…” The bawling and the shivered continued, scaring the owls but not
the crows from the trees. They dropped the bundle of almond tree blossoms they
had collected.

The trees in the distance rummaged, too, jostling bird and branch, the looming,
heavy sounds drowned out by the nearby distress.

I’d lost the words of comfort: “there there”, “I’m here with you”, “it’s
alright” although I hate saying that, or even the simple word ‘embrace’ and its
transgression into invaluable meanings. The Unbroken, to use the PR term,
inaccurately representing them as some special category, though their social
reality was not a difference from but an excess of the deep instincts shared by
everyone, weren’t characterised by the past. They remembered, learned, and
carried on, never lionising or mourning. Not even the twins, since the time we
met, had ever expressed loss at their mother.

But since the last flicker, there have been fights, ugly fights, emotional
breakdowns and despair, opportunism and backstabbing. Even in the concrete
utopia where only each other mattered, we had to invent measures to solve
conflicts and re-educate, to tell thieves to endure the hunger of rationing, to
prevent boredom from becoming frustration, becoming malice, becoming that
familiar thing, power. We had hope and love, now we needed care and wakefulness.
It was difficult to maintain – to start something is awful, to keep working on
it an evil chore, to finish it is like a panic attack. But to keep it around
after that, that’s what’s worth preserving, defending. From inside and out.

Tephenon whispered in my ear, “when the young in my colony were upset, we would
wrap our wings around them until the beat of our hearts calmed them down.” He
left Arevaló to her snoring nap and climbed up the top of my head. “Maybe you
could do the same?”

I wanted to remind the bat that I don’t have wings, but he gave me an idea.
Carefully I scooped out the sleeping damsel and joined her with her companion on
my head. Then, I took off my coat and began cradling the children in it, the
three of us forming a blanket of loving arms. The sniffling stopped, but wasn’t
replaced by silence. I yelled at the people behind me to cut off the machinery,
but, the streetmakers weren’t even on. The noise was made of tremors, of treads,
of boots threatened to trample underfoot life and limb.

“If not you,
wrrrr, wrrrr then what the hell
kh-CHCK is making all that noi—”
“’kay boys. Fire.”

The gunfire started.

The buzzing of a thousand wasps and their stingers firing past us, a merciless
volley without the intent of stopping, with the intent of stopping, all neatly
flying past us. We weren’t able to hear the bodies dropping, the screaming, the
single execution shots somehow worse than the hellfire. I’d turned to stone,
quivering and crumbling under the quaking of my skin, a statue of regret. Not of
sadness as I saw comrades perish undeservingly. Not of anger as I tried to
comprehend the noncommittal cruelty of soldiers, the violence of generations
turned momentous.

Of regret, because I felt guilty that somehow, I was deemed worthy of sparing.
My gaze turned hellward, the only place I could turn to, and two shoes entered
my vision. I recognised them – I had received them more time than I could count.

They were his.

The isolation cells echoed the oubliettes of kingly France. Into the belly of
some beast that hates you. These were mobile units, however, the invention of an
innovation-minded start-up company. Psychological torture on the go, the
must-have device for emergency alienation!! They stole the twins from my hands,
now tied behind my back. Helderheid would never forgive me, the thought hurt. My
bones be damned, I had never felt this acutely aware of myself. It used to be
different – it used to be familiar. I thought I escaped abandonment, but it
turns out, history is a cycle. And it is vicious.

I sighed, trying to force my conscience out.

As if I’d rung a little bell, two friends appeared. We hadn’t been talking a
lot, ever or lately, but when we needed each other, we were there. It was
unorthodox, but it was how support felt, in its most honest form.

“Uwahh… is it nighttime already? I must have been asleep for quite a while.”
“No, Arevaló, we’ve been captured by those nasty Breakers.”

She let out a fierce croak, the froggy equivalent of a resigned groan.

“Hey, you two. Since we’re stuck here… you never told me the story behind your
outfits.”

“When we arrived at the lake, the one where I brought Arevaló, there were a lot
of other animals there. Folks who used to be enemies, prey and predators, were
making the most of it. Together, too! Bear and fish, cats and mice, pelicans and
frogs,” he teased at his companion, who swiftly retorted with a huff, “bats and
snakes.” Tephenon shivered.

“In any case… we were all part of a duo! And even more, we were part of the
environment. We finally escaped from human actions, no offence, and we decided
to wear stuff they’d tossed around. I saw a wolf wear a scarf once, he was very
cool!” “Indeed. Members of our community wear pieces of trash as a sign of
defiance. This cape, for me, is proof that I am strong.” “I like these goggles
because I want to fly like an aeroplane!”

It was then when I realised why these two were with me. Whether or not I am
their third, it was that sense of community that led them to me. It could have
been the star, it could have been the exhausting whimsy of the world, it could
have been less than that. There is a magic to our dynamic, without scepticism or
contest, we’re strange bedfellows that are perfect for each other in ways that
we had known had been missing.

“Arevaló. When we first met, you thanked me. Why?” “You were imprisoned, were
you not?” “More or less.” “Your life was not under your control, correct?”
“…No.” “You would have rather died.” “…” “That’s why I thanked you. For still
being strong enough to live.”

I cried, I’d forgotten how to for years. My emotions were stuffed so deep
inside, compacted in the littlest corner where no light ever shone, a plant
abandoned, safe enough to govern, so it could never wither, but not even I could
reach it anymore. I’d lost myself without ever searching. I cried so hard, I
didn’t even hear the chute open. Tephenon and Arevaló hid behind my hands. I
heard a voice; it turned my stomach inside out.

“That jacket looks good on you.”

We shared the same jacket and the same eyes, two reasons I avoided mirrors like
the plague. He saw a spitting image of himself, he’d tried to make that of me,
anyway, but I had no insignia and he did. The Breaker’s badge stitched to his
jacket was the condensation of history, beading like musky sweat to his skin. He
commanded the Breakers as much as the organisation commanded him. A dirty soul,
there could not be enough damage done that he would not deserve. He knelt down,
dared to make eye-contact with me. I saw my eyes and they were furious.

“So, you go by Alright now? Funny. Hey, you know how we could find you?” “You’re
going to tell me right now.” “It was easy, really. Not because your little
commie clique doesn’t try to hide their mission of love or whatever. It seems
like fate just really wants us to stick together, you and I.” His mouth
uncovered the teeth of a shark tasting blood. He clamped to power and charged it
over others, he always has.

“You’re my third.”

I batted no eye, felt nothing.

“What a coincidence. You’re mine.”

At that moment, the zip ties came undone, courtesy of Arevaló using the copper
string of her cape as a makeshift saw. Tephenon took to the air like a baron,
blinding his face and never letting go.

Another cosmic opportunity presented itself to me, so simply and clearly, so I
jumped up at him. I bashed my knee into his stomach, courtesy of Helderheid. He
toppled over, how did he ever overpower me, and I began bashing his face in,
courtesy of Roem. The shark was toothless soon enough, his eyes were awash with
fear, his arms dolled against my fists. I was the baker and he was dough. I
screamed and laughed so much – it was euphoria, it was justice – I didn’t even
hear the chute open again. Two sets of arms wrapped around my arm, the last slam
into his mushed face wouldn’t budge. I looked up, ready to fight my way out.

It was the twins.

“That’s enough!” “It’s over!” “You did it!” “You did it!”

Through the open chute, letting in a blinding kind of light, stepped a tall
woman holding a jacket. I took her hand and she effortlessly pulled me up; I had
to massage the grip (and the punching) from my wrist.

“Hey, you alright?” “Seriously?” “Are you, though?” “Yeah. Thanks, Helderheid.
Is everyone else okay?” “It’s not pretty, but we can rebuild it. We can always
do better. ‘Us’ is strong enough.”

I put on the jacket – a different shade of green, and, kind of importantly, not
as stained with bloodspecks. Tephenon and Arevaló climbed into the hood and gave
my ears a ticklish kiss.

The twins placed a petal of almond tree blossom in my hair.

It looked nice. It suited me. It was the flower that signalled hope. That proved
history can continue on a different course. That emerged victorious.

There is an unspoken hesitation in the hideout, shared like broken bread at the
eve of something new. There are four of them and who knows how many out to get
them. They have only their wits, and ‘they’ have wings, beasts, and technologies
to stifle even the greatest idea. Even if they succeed tomorrow, what comes
after falls in the demesnes of two old deities. Kedvezö – godhead of reunions,
lucky happenings, morality, opportunities of power, and the taste of water after
thirst – or Megvetés – goddess of curses, fulfilled wishes, impermissible
desires, and death. Both divinities are receiving a mess of messages, four
chaotic hopes for survival roughly translatable into appeals for salvation,
immaterial intervention. Prayer, a custom outlawed by the Alturans when they
imposed themselves as the living divinities on the lower world, had never been
the pivotal ritual by which to express faith. It wasn’t until those damnable
vultures cracked open the sky that the people below began clasping their hands.

Lapasc quivers with poetry. Tonight, we dream of victory. Tomorrow, the taste
will spice our wines, or something like that, but not even his inspiring
platitudes feel appropriate to say. The tension blankets the black and brown of
their skin like ash from a razed city, smothering any levity. Everyone listened
to Idö the Wolf as she surpassed the bustle of the spice bazaars and basket
markets with shouts of her allegedly cheapest prices. When the wings arrived,
her voice became fiery music over the cacophony of war. When she speaks, it is
morale. Now, it is a dour, restrained signal. Ketrec, the ragtag’s strategist,
has a restless mind. The noise in their head only ever allays when planning the
next move and the next. But in the present, they have no details to excruciate
over, no nails left to bite. The original plan had twenty members. Four remain,
and they still have two stages to go.

It is Tewfik who breaks the silence, the sousland blacksmith rumoured to have
survived a personal audience with Adelheid the Undenied. A man with a
notoriously playful aggression, with cruel intentions shorn sharper than the
blade he is currently cleaning. He holds it against the light of a fickle oil
lantern, beholding streaks and cracks of long use with a disappointed boredom.
The sword shimmers and illuminates, however faintly, the slovenly conditions of
this splintered front. Boxes and bloodstains, inordinate instruments of a
chirurgeon, woven sleeping matts and blankets with cultural emblems – the
catfish, the man with the cobuza, and the smouldering pipe, representing
knowledge, didacticism, and constant reflection. Tewfik takes a drag of the
latter symbol.

“I should’ve forged more armour.” “You could be wearing rock and their war
beasts would still drill through.” “That I know, Idö, but I’d feel better about
our dead if I had.”

Lapasc speaks up in protest.

“Let’s commemorate the fallen in more respectful ways, shall we?” “The dead
don’t care how I mourn them. I’d like to feel less bad about this whole ordeal.
And even then, we’re the losers and we’re not even done losing.” “We need all
the strength and hope we can muster for tomorrow – can you not deplete our
reserves before then?” “Poet boy, you need to think less about meter and more
about how we’re going to get out of this alive.” “Perhaps the blacksmith needs
to temper the flames of his temper.”

Frustration enflames between them. Before a wildfire breaks out, a single
interjection: Ketrec’s.

“Tewfik, go jerk off in the storeroom if you need to vent your frustrations.”

The proposition is laughingly crude, but the tactician is not known for their
jokes. Decency has little use in guerrilla warfare anyway; stress runs high when
you live as paupers fighting for the people. Morale needs to stay afloat, as
doubt and despair have done more than any assassin to quell the flames of
insurgency. And when your opponent encompass the very skies, the attractive
option is to give up. There’s a saying in Ascens (Minden Ugyanazon to those who
remember): “despondency pools a lake between twin rivers”. It accumulates and it
requires relief. Through means of victory or through more utilitarian
considerations, such as masturbation.

Tewfik laughs with customary raucousness, his bristly and black beard outlining
his big, curved mouth.

“Thanks, Ketrec. You’re full of good ideas. I’ll go do that right now,
actually.”

He unties the knot of his apron before leaving the room. It falls down,
revealing the glistening image of his back. Deep and delineated, like a map
detailing everything you need to know. Muscles and sweat, tightly packed. He is
architecture: his shoulders are like a balustrade, running wide and long with
much to hold on to, should you have to. His arms, even from behind, quantify a
structural kind of strength, a dominating force, a vector aimed at you. The
dimples in the hollow of his back form hallways to rough fantasies where you
will be used. Paused in the door opening, he looks to his comrades out the
corners of his dark eyes with a faint, expectant smirk.

“Anyone joining me?” “Too nervous,” replies Ketrec. They usually are. “You
killed any mood I might have had with your hopeless drivel.” Lapasc’s spite
tends not to be an objection, but we all have our moments.

“That’s fair. You two should just talk in the meantime, I think. The silence
doesn’t do us good.” “Yes, evidently. You have fun now, Tewfik.”

“Hold up. I’ll join.”

Idö stands up from her potato sack seat. She towers one head over the arrogant
man at a comfortable two metres tall. Her figure is sturdy, fat, and large, a
syncretism of physical labour, a love for the simple things in life, and a
woman’s confidence. The modest off-white tunic she wears grips her figure like
paint on canvas, the imprints of her size eye-catching and titillating and
artful all the same. Her eyes move across Tewfik’s body, and she feels the heat
of any forge he’s worked with seep into her.

“Idö? That’s a first.” “Let a girl have her desires, boy.” “You will. I’ll give
them, too, if you want,” he says with a wink in his voice.

“After you.”

She slaps his ass as she steps through the door. There’s a grate in it, but
that’s of no worry.

“So, how do you want to do this?” “Is there something to sit on? My back is kind
of killing me.” “Oh, yeah, here. You can sit on my apron.” “Thanks, Teffica.”

She lights another oil lamp and they make themselves as cozy as they can. The
storeroom has been cramped with weapon racks, sandbags, half-empty food crates,
brine barrels, a surplus of winter clothing and a shortage of medical supplies,
fuseboxes and gunpowder, and a vertically-placed, very impractical cannon. The
clutter smells like dust and oxidation. He finds an old bottle of diadal date
wine, pleased to see it again. But there are more pressing matters than drink at
the moment; he puts it on a shelf and offers her a hand to sit her down.

“You’ve been working a lot, haven’t you?” “In ways I’m not used to. Give me an
axe and a battlefield and I’ll do it. But I’ve never been a fan of this, gorilla
thing. Gorilla? Guerrilla. Too much running around, too much ducking.” “Hah,
don’t get old on me now, Idö. You’re the one who got me into this mess.” “I’ll
still kick your ass, boy, just wait till my back pops back in.” “Can’t wait.
Hey, need me to massage you?” “About fuckin’ time you offered.”

She takes off her tunic without much regard for courtesy. Her long, black hair –
frizzly from the wool rub – settles between her breasts. It surprises Tewfik –
blushing doesn’t fit his face, but it is a good look on him. To pacify the
gruff, to embarrass the confident, to stomp down on the ego of high-strung men,
Idö is an amateur who has mastered the art of such coquetry. The intention to
relieve himself had given off an exciting feeling in his loins, but now, that
sensation intensifies with the possibilities before him.

“I thought you were good with metals. Where’s that silver tongue of yours now?”
“I, uh, just didn’t expect the nudity.” “Weren’t we going to masturbate
together?” “Hah!” He bellows. “True. I guess I’m just in awe. You look good, old
girl.”

The sights of each other waken the flame in the both of them. Idö, staring up,
takes in all of his front. His hourglass figure, his hairy chest, the grooves of
his muscles resemble the fullers of her blade, the outline bulging in the cotton
of his slops. Tewfik, gazing down, doesn’t know which part of her he’d like to
touch first, although he knows he shouldn’t. They’re old friends, comrades
through happenstance, one-time lovers, and the focus of this moment should be on
relaxation, not the rekindling of sparks. But even then, when the hot passion of
the heart kisses the thrills of a wet memory, the steam clouds even the best
judgements. Her stretchmarks, her paunch, her olden face, it is nothing but
desirable. He moves to sit down behind her; he wants handfuls of her.

He uncorks a flask of clove oil attached to his belt and lets the liquid pool in
his palms. The difference in metallurgy and massaging seems as clear as the
divide in the skies, but, as Tewfik is about to demonstrate, the disciplines are
closer than one may assume. Be it metal or flesh, the will to work a body into a
better arrangement is the essence of both. Tewfik’s hands, rough and calloused
through years of gripping hilts and hammers, feel surprisingly soft on Idö’s
back. She hums softly in surrender to the ticklish, moss-like movements that
sink into her skin. Her trapezius muscles are wound taut and stiff, as if
actively resisting the smooth grip kneading into them. Her body must keep itself
primed for battle – it has remembered the constant, sudden danger it is in, and
has trained the appropriate reflexes. But slowly, surely, firmly, she finds it
in herself to relax. The sigh becomes a whimper, releasing the wear of rebellion
and some of the buried pain of conquest.

“Teffica, do you remember Hűtő Vödör?” “Which part?” “The Buildings.” “Mmhm.”
“Towers made of houses and mansions, shops and guilds, banks and gambling
parlours, fanes and tabernacles, plazas and parks, stacked heavensward as
preordained as a building set. The smells and sounds, the people you’d befriend
on the winding stairs, the enemies you’d make bumping into them. I felt safe.
Now reminds me of then.”

Tewfik hands have moved on to rub her thick upper arms with long strokes.

“That’s all gone, isn’t it?” “Aye,” he concedes. “Most people were evicted,
forcibly conscripted even. Most places were cleaned out. They’re smokestacks for
a factory now.” “We were sold out.” “Aye,” he regrets. His thumbs move in tandem
across her shoulder blades, toward her spine. She moans under the gradual
strength, hotter than she’d wish to admit. Breathing through her nose barely
cuts it anymore.

“Cel D’Altura had been around long before they invaded. Hell, they’d already
invaded us.” “Tudom. My husband died in the first ambush.” “And I was too young
to fight in it. I had to sit out the occupation. I kept hoping for a chance, but
all hope was gone by the time a vulture told me I’d be a blacksmith for the rest
of my life.”

She hears him shuffle closer to her. His hands drift from her backside to her
front. She can feel his beard and his pecs press against her back, and something
hard nestle against her buttocks. They move across her breasts, such a cheeky
lad, letting each individual finger leave oily trails over her nipples.

“Ah… what, what did you want to be, before they reassigned you?” “A dancer.”

She looks over her shoulder, the suns in his eyes radiate a memorable lust. As
their eyes connect, so does he roughly start applying oil to the places she’d
been aching for. Her mouth hangs open, his mouth slants into that trademark,
dominant smirk. He palms her breasts, bucking against yet flowing along, he is a
caravel on the ocean of her skin. She is beginning to drown within herself, but,
like a diver thought lost to the waves, she snaps out of it.

“Teffica… stop…”

He does not, the insolent man.

“Teffica, I mean it.”

He releases her, confused.

“Don’t you want this?” “I don’t think I can.” She curses her body with a
chuckle. “I love what you do with your hands, but, let’s just watch each other.”
“Very well.” He swallows his pride like mud. He leaves her body, still craving
every inch of it. But he knows: this is bigger than him. This is about her,
them, and the revolution they will unleash. If he cannot come to learn to abide
the boundaries of others, there would be no justice in him fighting for freedom.
As a man, he must take care not to replicate the same systems that have shackled
his people to the Alturans. Liberation means for everyone, especially for women,
from men.

He moves to face her. He has an idea.

“Would you like me to dance for you?”

Her face flushes over at this. In all her years, she hasn’t been picky in what
her partners would do for her, as long as she got off. But Tewfik, who she has
known for well over a decade, the brusque and ungracious princox that roughed up
every vulture he saw, the smith who armed two rebels for each blade the Alturans
commissioned, had never acted in service of anyone. His life can’t be tamed,
every breath is a defiance; now that same breath inquires in acquiescence,
offering to humble his body in subservience to her. It is chiasmic, going
against everything he is known for, an offer extended just to her. It is such a
turn on.

“Kedvezö, yes.”

Tewfik slides his thumbs into his pants to lower them a sliver, sliding the rim
to eye-level. His hip bones stand out as does his pubic hair, and, even better,
the beginnings of his cock. She imagines him wearing the scant outfits of the
Romungri, itinerant peoples that travel to the cities bringing culture and
leisure. Her husband was romungro, and the performances he’d brought her
consisted of passion, wine, and fire. The dancers she saw included all genders;
they wore golden bangles and transparent silks, always moving their hips,
bodies, and mouths like the whip of a living flame. She would love to see him
dress as seductively, slap a choker on him, perhaps, but for now, she watches
his striptease.

Tewfik’s choreography shows the hesitation of trying after a long time –
vulnerability. Exactly what she wants to see. His hands slide over his chiselled
chest, fingering the downward valleys in his abs. Despite the fumbling, he
continues to twist and caress. He makes it part of the show. She is enthralled
by his erotic yet proud elegance, a spectacle that combines the hearth of a home
and the heat of a bathhouse fuck. The clove oil finds a second use – on his body
this time. Cascading down the canyon of his chest, the liquid leaves estuaries
in its wake until disappearing beyond his slops. The imprint of his dick becomes
clearer, bigger, wetter, and his hand sails the river to the source. Her
response is to slide off her pants to her knees and opening her thighs to him.
“Who needs a thigh gap when I could hold you down there?” she says with her
eyes. Lust rises beyond the tolerable threshold and excesses are created. Her
hand slips between her legs, as his moves to spring free all of him.

Idö had felt him like a beast inside of her, and she almost wished she hadn’t
stopped him. But even looking at him holding his member, she couldn’t resist but
to slide a finger up. The Wolf whimpers at her long-ignored needs finally
receiving fulfilment. A liberation effort affords little private time and she
feels embarrassed to join the others. She is bigger and older than most other of
the resistance; she took this to mean less desirable. But with him, it was
different. She trusted his affection for her, she remembers how she was thrusted
in. He was big enough to hold with both hands, and that’s how she guided him
into her that one night. Enveloping him stole both their breaths, yet they
spared no moment gasping for more. Slamming down on him made him scream, lost to
the sensations that she gave him – a nice corollary, because she had no
intention of making anyone cum but herself.

And now, she can witness how it looks – that thick and heavy member sliding in
and out the tunnel of his hands. The oil adds a slick, suggestive shimmer to his
cock, giving her a private pornography, while also amplifying the pleasure he
receives from fucking his hands, easily locatable on his handsome face. His
growls are low and contained – is he being thoughtful of Ketrec and Lapasc or
does he not want to admit to enjoying this? Idö finds her clitoris, moaning as
she fingers circles over herself. They’ve matched each other’s pace, slow enough
to last them an eternity, but that won’t do. There is an urgency between them.
They lock eyes, daring to go faster. She takes the lead.

Scooping up leftover oil from her heaving breasts, she soaks two fingers of her
free hand with the lubricant. Similar to how he sailed downstream himself, she
rubs the voluptuous seas of her body all the way down. Arriving at her slit, her
eyes force shut closed in delight as she submerges one, then two of her digits.
The sound of rustling clothes open them back up. Her vision returns to the man
stripped fully nude, partially oiled, and kneeling in front of her, leaning back
to give himself a better grip, his cock a slick mast of eight inches from his
lap.

“You better not be, mm, trying something again, boy.” “Jerkin’ off on your feet,
is, is, fuck, it’s tiring, that’s all.”

A jolt of sudden pleasure bucks his hips, and drop of pre-cum emerges from the
wide, purple head. She bites her lower lip and she picks up the pace with both
hands – this boy is driving me wild. She requires ever more ecstasy from her
body, rubbing harder and reaching farther, as if the treasure seeks is hidden in
the deepest part of her. Her fingers curl with the pursuit of drawing out a
scream, caressing those little ribs sends waves of pleasure throughout her body.
His eyes are closed but he has no need for fantasy, knowing what is in front of
him. His hands grip tighter around his cock. Even holding on, he can’t keep
himself still – he takes on a different pose. It’s a limber, acrobatic sight, no
less elegant than his dance: legs folded underneath his pelvis, shoulders
providing support for this perspiry position, his ass above the ground as his
hips begin madly thrusting.

This would be enough, but she wants more.

“Stop.”

He does, and again, confused.

“Come have a taste, boy.”

Tewfik immediately repositions to his knees. Like a dog, he crawls toward her
with a blaze in his eyes, all the while fucking his hand. His mouth is open in
lustful amazement; he applies it to her. The full width of his tongue drags over
her vagina, so she may feel as the one who is encompassed. She locks her legs
around his head – he cannot leave until his duty is done. He makes no effort to
protest. The beard provides extra titillation, but mere exhilaration is not what
she needs. She clutches him by his hair and pushes his face further into her. He
complies, like a parched wanderer lapping at an empty water canteen. Her taste
is on the intoxicating side, like sour grapes – he has a new favourite meal.

The blacksmith dances between her thighs. Her gasps and moans are uncontainable,
not that she ever had the intention to remain quiet. The Wolf’s voice is the
sound of rebellion, and now it screams to get off. Tewfik has reminded her of
how maddeningly erotic she is, and how much she needed this. When his tongue
isn’t reaching into her, she rubs her clit. They often change the guard without
a word, with only moans, and a three-finger bundle fucks back into her as he
laps at her crown. All of her life seems compacted within this moment, the
celebration of survival and hope growing with the intense orgasm building up
inside her. 53 years of being a fighting woman has come to fruition with the
submissive 30-year-old between her thighs. She motions, the sensations, the
thought, gods, the thought of it all, it becomes too much.

With a yell, all pressure releases from her. Her eagle eyes go blank, no sound
emanates from her open mouth, her body is the pure pleasure of instinct. Her
hips buckle against his tongue, treating his mouth like a throne, she can
scarcely hear the affirming moans from betwixt herself. The paroxysm lasts for a
small eternity (17 seconds, by Tewfik’s count) – and in that blank space of the
mind, where ecstasy is the only thing that’s necessary, it seems that Kedvezö
has chosen her as their champion.

The comedown lets Tewfik free. He takes a deep, unexaggerated breath – he nearly
lost his life to this woman. The room smells of sex and oil and rust. She
collapses on his apron, panting weakly.

“Whew. You happy?” “God… shit… that was, that was… phooooo.” Her head lolls to
the side, facing his cock. Still at attention, still begging release. It seems
that in their harmonious effort, the both of them forgot about him. She normally
doesn’t care – she got hers, after all –, but in her lasting haze, she can’t
help but drool at the sight, or what it would look like if he got his.

He notices her admiring stare, his own mind too foggy to ask anything else.

“Idö?” “Mm?” “Can I fuck your tits?” She lets out a throaty moan. “You’ve earned
as much, Teffica.”

She lays down, surrendering to his needs and her exhaustion. His standing over
her, the rigidity of his cock, the shadow it casts over her body, the descending
motion as he sits down on top of her, she thinks to herself how many times
she’ll think back to this moment. The length of his cock weighs down on her
stomach, reaching from her navel to the entrance to her breasts’ dell. He places
his hands beside her head, priming him to push forward. Both their bodies remain
lubricated, a benison to his raging lust. He slides forward, and once again, she
envelops his cock with a lewd warmth.

The puckish rashness in Tewfik’s thrusts is apparent – this isn’t to savour the
feeling, this is to get what he wants. She’ll humour him for now. Above her,
teeth gritted with pleasure, oil mixed with sweat, dripping down on her from
those heaving muscles, erratic with the increasing loss of cogency and control.
She looks down, watching him piston her like an animal. The head of his cock is
like a jewel in how much it shines, covered in copious amounts of prismatic
precum. She feels him pulse between her – the boy’s so close. In a fit of mercy,
she squeezes her big breasts together, burying his cock entirely. The pressure
sends him over the edge almost instantly.

Unlike her orgasm, his is beastly and crude. From his mouth emerges an atonal
battle-cry and his hips produce only a fast, arrhythmic beat. His is a
dissonance only possible when succumbing to the littlest of deaths, though this
feels like the biggest he’s ever died. Were they not a godless colony, his rapid
stream of expletives would surely reserve a spot in hell for him. Wave upon wave
of cum trickles from her breasts, a white tide rising and falling with both
their chests. It takes him nine seconds for his consciousness and his raspy,
gravelly breath to return. Looking down at the mess he’s made of her, he can
only say.

“Oh shit. Wow, sorry.” There is a pride in the blacksmith’s work, and it is
audible in his voice. “Ahh… if you clean me up, I might forgive you.”

He stands up, legs wobbling slightly, and grabs a roll of surplus bandages to
neaten his old friend.

“It tickles,” Idö chuckles.

He can barely resist falling in love with her again. But, he breathes heavy
through his nose, ideology comes first. Hell, the effort comes first. There is
one thing he cannot resist, however, and that is the urge to tickle her. She
begs for mercy, receives none, and as her body convulses with joy. Her eyes fall
on the storage room door. Surprise paints her face.

There, Lapsac’s lust-lazy face is clearly pressed against the grate. He makes
eye-contact, embarrassed and clearly turned on all the same. His pristine,
finely-cut face seems almost corrupted with this perverted visage.

“Teffica. We seem to have a spectator.” “Make that two,” moans a sharp voice
from behind the poet.

Tewfik and Idö stand up. Through the grate, it’s barely visible how Ketrec’s
hands are occupied with Lapasc’s body, one rolling and tugging on a nipple, the
other rubbing his clit. Leaning a bit closer, Tewfik sees their thin cock
pounding roughly and admirably into the poet boy’s cunt. A slick wetness is
clearly noticeable during each pull-out, right before they give the young man an
overwhelming push-in. He’s well acquainted with Lapasc’s bottoming, so he almost
feels jealous of his strategist, but they didn’t get to experience what he just
has.

“Changed your mind, huh?” Tewfik says grinning, his arms crossed. “You were, ah,
just so loud… and, really hot.” “It’s… commendable how you, despite yourselves,
weren’t able to, mmm, hear me. I’ve, ohh, peaked about three times from watching
you.” Lapasc’s expressive nature often translates to a lack of shame, and he
freely lets Tewfik and Idö know how much he appreciated their performance. “From
me fucking you, you mean,” interjects Ketrec.

The wet slapping against the door continues, growing in intensity and velocity.
With an energetic playfulness with the confidence of absolute control, Lapasc
starts to push against the door, ensuring his leader’s cock slams all the way
into his pussy. Ketrec can’t resist the force and speed at which their dick is
being serviced; the end in sight, their hands move to grasp his hips for
stability as they rapidly ravage him.

“Lap, Lap… Fuck… I’m gonna cum. I’m gonna… I’m gonna…”

With a final thrust, shoving Lapasc into the door. It breaks off its hinges, and
the connected couple lunge forward into the storage room. Gravity, momentum, and
positioning surprise the both of them – Lapasc lands flat on his toned stomach,
and Ketrec’s manages to plunge even deeper into him at a perfect angle, and it’s
exactly the spark they needed. The tactician’s cock trembles and quakes within
the troubadour, and Lapasc is swiftly delivered to his fourth.

Unclothed and covered in a variety of liquids, the four are unwinding on
makeshift potato sack seats. Tewfik pulls out the bottle of diadal wine and
passes it around in victorious merriment. In an hour, the mood has shifted from
despondent to indomitable. It’s a fantastic thing, what sex will do for morale.

Lapasc, with newfound inspiration, improvises an innuendous poem about the
group’s ferocity. Idö takes a swig, letting her booming voice rally their
spirits and scare away any nearby birds. Ketrec’s mind is at ease – rather,
they’re too exhausted and pleased to even form an anxious thought.

Tewfik retreats into an untypical quietude. The guilt of ‘what I could have
done’ is a deceptive yet inescapable one – it’s much more attractive to die
together than to survive without. His mood is dour, solemn, and reverent,
envisioning the faces of his sixteen fallen comrades. He sees Adelheid’s face –
he regrets making him cum instead of killing him. The anger balloons inside of
him, but before it pops, he shakes all thoughts out of his head, like pebbles in
his boot. He looks at the three remaining faces beside him here and now. He
steels himself for tomorrow. They all do.
